https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/1_Hotel_Central_Park.htm
1 Hotel Central Park, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 1 Hotel Central Park 1 Hotel Central Park Hotel 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 525 reviews 8.5 C$ 669 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for 1 Hotel Central Park Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About 1 Hotel Central Park 1 Hotel Central Park is located in Manhattan, a short walk from the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. Th... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 21.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 703 2001 All policies Amenities at 1 Hotel Central Park Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Allergy-free room Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Kids toys Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to 1 Hotel Central Park Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. Guests can make the most of the sun on the terrace or have a drink at the bar. Free Wi-Fi access is available. The rooms are air conditioned and feature an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a private bathroom. They all offer a flat-screen TV, a seating area and an in-room safe. On-site dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient spot to enjoy a meal. Guests can also try one of the various bars and restaurants in the area. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to Refinery Hotel, with Bryant Park only a five-minute stroll away. Guests can also visit Madison Square Garden and Rockefeller Center. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to 1 Hotel Central Park Salisbury Hotel 123 West 57th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within five minutes' of the New York City Center. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Essex House New York 8.1 Excellent 160 Central Park South, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, JW Marriott Essex House New York provides cosy accommodation with superior amenities. With views of Central Park, the hotel also offers deluxe amenities and services, including free Wi-Fi. C$ 652 Avg. per night View Deals Shoreham Hotel 7.1 Good 33 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This Manhattan hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the Radio City Music Hall, Christie's and Rockefeller Center. It is moments from The Museum of Modern Art. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Wellington Hotel 871 Seventh Ave, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Wellington Hotel New York City in Manhattan was built in 1910 and was recently refurbished. It is situated a brief stroll from Broadway, The Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for 1 Hotel Central Park 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 525 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.4Families 8.6Solo 8.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of 1 Hotel Central Park All photos (36) Bedroom (12) Living room (5) Restaurant (3) Other (3) Where is 1 Hotel Central Park Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.3 km Broadway0.8 km Times Square0.9 km Bryant Park1.4 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Chrysler Building1.5 km Getting Around New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.4 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.6 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.0 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.3 km New York Grand Central Terminal1.4 km New York Port Authority1.4 km FAQs when booking at 1 Hotel Central Park Is pricing at 1 Hotel Central Park comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? 1 Hotel Central Park is generally less than the average price of 5 stars hotels in New York. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 1,217 per night in New York. 1 Hotel Central Park will run you C$ 911 per night, which is 45% cheaper than the New York average. How close is 1 Hotel Central Park to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 21.7 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and 1 Hotel Central Park. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to 1 Hotel Central Park? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at 1 Hotel Central Park where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is 1 Hotel Central Park considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at 1 Hotel Central Park. How close is 1 Hotel Central Park from the New York city center? 1 Hotel Central Park is just 0.8 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. From 1 Hotel Central Park you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the 1 Hotel Central Park phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 212 703 2001 to talk to a 1 Hotel Central Park front desk representative. Does 1 Hotel Central Park have Wi-Fi available? Yes, 1 Hotel Central Park has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at 1 Hotel Central Park? Yes, 1 Hotel Central Park has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at 1 Hotel Central Park? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at 1 Hotel Central Park. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at 1 Hotel Central Park, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 911 per night to stay at 1 Hotel Central Park. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 179 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at 1 Hotel Central Park? There is an on-site restaurant - contact 1 Hotel Central Park for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does 1 Hotel Central Park have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at 1 Hotel Central Park, New York. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is 1 Hotel Central Park from Rockefeller Center? Rockefeller Center in New York is 0.7 km away from 1 Hotel Central Park. Is 1 Hotel Central Park close to Times Square? Times Square is also a popular place to see in New York. It is 0.9 km from 1 Hotel Central Park. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 1 Hotel Central Park Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
