https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/2400_Motel.htm
2400 Motel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 2400 Motel 2400 Motel Motel 2400 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada OkayBased on 255 reviews 4.6 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for 2400 Motel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About 2400 Motel Less than a 20-minute stroll from 29th Avenue Railway Station, 2400 Motel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. It also offers complimentary wireless internet to all guests durin... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.4 km Rating 4.6 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 434 2464 All policies Amenities at 2400 Motel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor furniture Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Smoking rooms available Private parking Show more Activities Kids toys Eco tourism Bicycle rental Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to 2400 Motel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to 2400 Motel Gordon's Guest House 8.8 Excellent 2670 E. 28th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located a short walk from 29th Avenue Railway Station, Gordon's Guest House is an ideal base when in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Cassandra Hotel 6.9 Good 3075 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Cassandra Hotel is situated in Vancouver and is close to the area's popular attractions. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver 3505 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Joyce-Collingwood Station, The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver offers guests an ideal base while in Vancouver. It also offers luggage storage, a tour desk and a 24-hour reception. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals City Centre Motor Hotel 5.6 Okay 2111 Main Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 4.3 km from current hotel City Centre Motor Hotel offers a comfortable setting while in Vancouver. It is surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is minutes on foot from Main Street - Science World Station. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for 2400 Motel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.6 MediocreBased on 256 verified guest reviews 4.1Families 4.7Solo 4.8Couples 5.1Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of 2400 Motel All photos (28) Patio (6) Outdoors view (5) Bedroom (4) Building (4) Where is 2400 Motel Most Popular Landmarks Capilano Suspension Bridge12.1 km Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre13.6 km Metropolis at Metrotown4.5 km TELUS World of Science5.0 km Science World at TELUS World of Science5.0 km Pacific Coliseum5.1 km Getting Around Vancouver Cambie St & King Edward St - Bus Stop Bay 44.4 km Vancouver Cambie St & 41st St- Bus Stop Bay 14.4 km Vancouver Cambie and 49th - Bus Stop Bay 44.6 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station4.7 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station4.9 km Vancouver Cambie and 59th Bus Stop5.1 km FAQs when booking at 2400 Motel How close is 2400 Motel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With no traffic, the 6.9 km drive between 2400 Motel and Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 05m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to 2400 Motel? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at 2400 Motel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is 2400 Motel considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at 2400 Motel. How close is 2400 Motel from the Vancouver city center? The center of Renfrew-Collingwood, Vancouver, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of 2400 Motel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as TELUS World of Science, which you can get to from 2400 Motel using any means of transportation. What is the 2400 Motel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 434 2464. Does 2400 Motel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, 2400 Motel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at 2400 Motel? 2400 Motel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at 2400 Motel, Vancouver? Prices at 2400 Motel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 126, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 79. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does 2400 Motel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at 2400 Motel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 2400 Motel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
