https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/A_Good_Nites_Rest_Bed_and_Breakfast.htm
A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Bed & Breakfast 437 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 261 reviews 8.0 C$ 128 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable setting while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to get back to nature, wit... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2984 All policies Amenities at A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Bathtub Non-smoking rooms available Body soap Hairdryer Family rooms Towels Tea/coffee maker Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Toilet Shampoo Toilet paper Heating Shower Trash cans Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Microwave Private bathroom Private entrance Alarm clock Private parking Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Irwin's Mountain Inn 7.8 Good 429 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Red Carpet Inn 7.7 Good 425 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Red Carpet Inn Banff is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is ideal for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Siding 29 Lodge 8.2 Excellent 453 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Banff offers free wireless internet, as well as a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. It is ideal for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 261 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 8.5Solo 8.2Friends 8.1Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast All photos (14) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Balcony (1) Where is A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.0 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.3 km Sunshine Village15.4 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.3 km Upper Hot Springs3.5 km Mount Norquay5.1 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.1 km Banff Banff, Ab0.6 km Banff Banff Ave0.8 km Banff Mount Royal0.8 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.8 km Banff Ywca1.2 km FAQs when booking at A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Is pricing at A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast comparable to 2 star hotels in Banff? In Banff, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 122. The expected nightly rate for A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is around C$ 147; a price that is 10% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Banff. What is the A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast phone number? The best way to contact A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is by calling +1 403 762 2984. Does A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast have Wi-Fi available? Yes, A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast? A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast, Banff? Usually A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast room prices are around C$ 147/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 116/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast from Banff Park Museum? A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is about 1 km from Banff Park Museum, one of Banff’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
