https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/A_Ponte.htm
A Ponte, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 A Ponte A Ponte Guest house Rua Pinheiro Chagas 1, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for A Ponte Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About A Ponte A Ponte is situated in Lisbon and features free wireless internet. It also offers a sun deck, a rooftop terrace and a 24-hour reception. There are a variety of amenities on offer to those sta... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 573 829 All policies Amenities at A Ponte Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Room service Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Terrace/Patio 24hr front desk Hairdryer Storage available Services Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to A Ponte Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to A Ponte America Diamonds Hotel & Sushi Bar 8.5 Excellent Rua Tomás Ribeiro, 47, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated just a short stroll from Lobby Bar at Sheraton Lisboa Hotel and Spa, this historic hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. It is located in Lisbon, surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel White Lisboa 8.7 Excellent Avenida Da Republica 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool, Hotel White Lisboa is located in Lisbon and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a 24-hour reception. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Real Parque Avenida Luis Bivar, 67, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern Lisbon hotel is situated within a 10-minute walk of Saldanha Metro Station. It also offers limited hours room service, a coffee bar and laundry facilities. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial Lord 6.3 Good Avenida Defensores De Chaves, 23, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Residencial Lord is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Saldanha Metro Station. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of A Ponte All photos (1) Bedroom (1) Where is A Ponte Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian0.8 km Jardim Botânico1.6 km Castelo de São Jorge2.3 km Elevador de Santa Justa2.4 km Chiado Museum2.5 km Sé de Lisboa2.8 km Getting Around Lisbon Saldanha0.1 km Lisbon Picoas0.3 km Lisbon Av. da República0.6 km Lisbon Marquês Pombal1.0 km Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República1.1 km Lisbon Alameda1.3 km FAQs when booking at A Ponte How close is A Ponte to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and A Ponte is 4.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to A Ponte? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for A Ponte guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is A Ponte from the Lisbon city center? A Ponte is 0.8 km away from the center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon. Consider visiting SL Benfica Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from A Ponte by various forms of transportation. What is the A Ponte phone number? For questions about A Ponte and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +351 213 573 829. Does A Ponte have Wi-Fi available? Yes, A Ponte has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at A Ponte? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at A Ponte. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Does A Ponte have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at A Ponte. How far is A Ponte from Sé de Lisboa? The popular Sé de Lisboa is just over 2.8 km from A Ponte. Is A Ponte close to Estádio José Alvalade? A Ponte is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Estádio José Alvalade, which is 3.5 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 A Ponte Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
