https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Aava_Whistler_Hotel.htm
Aava Whistler Hotel, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Aava Whistler Hotel Aava Whistler Hotel Hotel 4005 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,251 reviews 7.9 C$ 150 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aava Whistler Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Aava Whistler Hotel Situated amongst a range of well-known tourist hot spots, boutiques and eateries, Aava Whistler Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to explore Whistler and its surroundings. It also offers an outdoor po... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 932 2522 All policies Amenities at Aava Whistler Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Skiing Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Ski storage Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Aava Whistler Hotel Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Aava Whistler Hotel The Listel Hotel Whistler 8.0 Excellent 4121 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Listel Hotel Whistler is a comfortable setting when visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Adara Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4122 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Adara Hotel is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an outdoor pool, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Whistler, Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa provides elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as ski in/out facilities, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Lodge 8.5 Excellent 4154 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Crystal Lodge is a unique base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this charming resort features include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Aava Whistler Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,251 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 8.0Couples 7.8Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date E 9.5 Excellent Elizabeth, May 2019 Clean, staff were super friendly and helpful. Great location Photos of Aava Whistler Hotel All photos (40) Bedroom (9) Other (5) Living room (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Aava Whistler Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.2 km Whistler Marketplace0.6 km Whistler Blackcomb0.7 km Callaghan Valley14.0 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.1 km Nita Lake3.1 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.1 km FAQs when booking at Aava Whistler Hotel Is pricing at Aava Whistler Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Whistler? In Whistler, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 478. The expected nightly rate for Aava Whistler Hotel is around C$ 393; a price that is 39% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Aava Whistler Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Whistler. Is Aava Whistler Hotel considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Aava Whistler Hotel during their stay. Is there a pool at Aava Whistler Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Whistler look for a hotel with a pool. Aava Whistler Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. What is the Aava Whistler Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 932 2522. Does Aava Whistler Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aava Whistler Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Aava Whistler Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Aava Whistler Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Aava Whistler Hotel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Aava Whistler Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Aava Whistler Hotel, Whistler? C$ 87 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Aava Whistler Hotel, with average deals around C$ 393 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Aava Whistler Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Aava Whistler Hotel for opening and last order times. Does Aava Whistler Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Aava Whistler Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
