https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Abbeymoore_Manor.htm
Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast 1470 Rockland Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 347 reviews 9.0 C$ 154 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Abbeymoore Manor provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. The bed & breakfast provides comfortable accommodation, as well as a concierge, a terrace and m... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 26.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 370 1470 All policies Amenities at Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shower Oven Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Snack bar Sofa Sofa bed No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet paper Outdoor furniture Cleaning products Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Designated smoking area Private entrance DVD player Show more Activities Massage Library Water sport facilities (on site) Services Ticket service Concierge service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Fairholme Manor Inn 9.7 Excellent 638 Rockland Place, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Fairholme Manor Inn provides 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers free Wi-Fi, massage services and a beauty centre. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals Villa Marco Polo Bed And Breakfast Inn 1524 Shasta Place, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Villa Marco Polo Bed and Breakfast Inn provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Amethyst Inn 8.9 Excellent 1501 Fort Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Ideally located in Victoria, Amethyst Inn offers historic accommodation an easy drive from the Royal British Columbia Museum. It is situated a brief walk from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria and the Craigdarroch Castle. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 347 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 9.0Solo 8.8Families 9.0Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Most Popular Landmarks Hatley Castle10.0 km Bear Mountain Golf Club15.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre2.0 km Open Space Arts Society2.3 km Victoria Harbour2.5 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf3.2 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station2.0 km Victoria Douglas at View2.0 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery2.3 km Victoria Ferry2.6 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.7 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson3.6 km FAQs when booking at Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn How close is Abbeymoore Manor to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With no traffic, the 2.4 km drive between Abbeymoore Manor and Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Abbeymoore Manor? Abbeymoore Manor has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Abbeymoore Manor guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. How close is Abbeymoore Manor from the Victoria city center? The center of Rockland, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Abbeymoore Manor. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from Abbeymoore Manor using any means of transportation. What is the Abbeymoore Manor phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 250 370 1470 to talk to a Abbeymoore Manor front desk representative. Does Abbeymoore Manor have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Abbeymoore Manor has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Abbeymoore Manor? Abbeymoore Manor has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Abbeymoore Manor, Victoria? C$ 132 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Abbeymoore Manor, with average deals around C$ 157 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Abbeymoore Manor have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Abbeymoore Manor that can be used by guests. How far is Abbeymoore Manor from Emily Carr House? Abbeymoore Manor is a good place to stay to see Emily Carr House. It’s 2.3 km away. Is Abbeymoore Manor close to Royal Theatre? The distance from Abbeymoore Manor to Royal Theatre is 1.7 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
