https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Abu_Dhabi-vacation-rentals.htm
Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates Search and compare Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Abu Dhabi Hotels 397 Abu Dhabi Hotels 290 Abu Dhabi Vacation Rentals 115 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Abu Dhabi Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Vision Hotel Apartments Deluxe Old Mazda Road, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 5.1 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 5-star property makes for an ideal base in Abu Dhabi. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. View Deals Ramee Garden Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates This property is conveniently situated in the city centre, and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a private beach. This property is ideally located in Abu Dhabi City Centre. View Deals All 290 vacation rentals in Abu Dhabi Tips for booking vacation rentals in Abu Dhabi Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: April Average price in Abu Dhabi: C$ 144/night Cheapest price found: C$ 47/night Cheapest day: Saturday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 58 - C$ 259 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 86 - C$ 310 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates Show all 290 hotels Uptown Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi 7.7 Good Hamdan Bin Mohammed St, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Abu Dhabi. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, an all-inclusive meal plan and free Wi-Fi. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Al Diar Sawa Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Abu Dhabi. It also offers a kids pool, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Ivory Hotel Apartments 6.7 Good Off 9th Street, Tourist Club Area, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Abu Dhabi. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Loulou Asfar Hotel Apartment 8.8 Excellent Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Located in Abu Dhabi, Loulou Asfar Hotel Apartment is within a 30-minute drive of Abu Dhabi International Airport and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Studios Corniche 6th Street, Khalidiyah, Abu Dhabi Corni, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Centrally located, Studios Corniche allows for easy access to Abu Dhabi's best hot spots. It also offers free Wi-Fi and laundry facilities. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Platinum Hotel Apartment 7.1 Good Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Set in the heart of the city, Platinum Hotel Apartments offers easy access to Abu Dhabi's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 137 Avg. per night View Deals Abu Dhabi Plaza Hotel Apartments Najda St. Corner Electra St., Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates This comfortable property in Abu Dhabi offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a private beach and an outdoor pool. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Marriott Executive Apartments Downtown Abu Dhabi 8.8 Excellent Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Abu Dhabi. It also offers an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Abu Dhabi 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Studios Corniche 6th Street, Khalidiyah, Abu Dhabi Corni, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates C$ 116 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Ivory Hotel Apartments Off 9th Street, Tourist Club Area, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 6.7 C$ 96 View Deal #2 Most popular Uptown Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi Hamdan Bin Mohammed St, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 7.7 C$ 75 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Vision Hotel Apartments Deluxe Old Mazda Road, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates C$ 460 View Deal #2 Most popular Abu Dhabi Plaza Hotel Apartments Najda St. Corner Electra St., Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates C$ 147 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Abu Dhabi Hotels in popular Abu Dhabi neighbourhoods Saadiyat Island, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Al Reem Island, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Mohamed Bin Zayed City, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Al Lulu Island, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Al Zahiyah, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Al Waḩdah, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Yas Island, Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Jurayrah Ajman Hatta Al Ain Garhoud Ruwais Fujairah Show more Vacation rentals in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Al Ain Facts about staying in Abu Dhabi How much does a vacation rental in Abu Dhabi cost? Abu Dhabi vacation rentals are C$ 145/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, October is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Abu Dhabi, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 47/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 91/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Abu Dhabi vacation rental? Uptown Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi has a 7.7 rating from 1,527 users, making it the best Abu Dhabi vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Abu Dhabi Intl Airport? It’s only 24.5 km from Abu Dhabi Intl Airport to Loulou Asfar Hotel Apartment (the nearest Abu Dhabi vacation rental to the airport). What part of Abu Dhabi is best to stay in? Al Danah is the best part of Abu Dhabi to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Abu Dhabi vacation rentals, 40% of them looked for stays in the Al Danah neighbourhood in the last year. The Executive Room Next to World Trade Center happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Al Danah neighbourhood of Abu Dhabi. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Abu Dhabi near Sheikh Zayed Mosque? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Sheikh Zayed Mosque while in Abu Dhabi, then the most popular is Uptown Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi with a 7.7/10 review score from 1,527 users. The distance from Sheikh Zayed Mosque to Uptown Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi is 14.4 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Abu Dhabi? Yes, there are 10 Resort vacation rentals in Abu Dhabi. According to our data, Jumeirah at Saadiyat Island Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Abu Dhabi Hotels 397 Abu Dhabi Hotels 290 Abu Dhabi Vacation Rentals 115 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
