https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Accent_Inns_Victoria.htm
Accent Inns Victoria, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Accent Inns Victoria Accent Inns Victoria Hotel 3233 Maple Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 378 reviews 8.0 C$ 146 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Accent Inns Victoria Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Accent Inns Victoria Set in Saanich, Accent Inns Victoria is an easy drive from Victoria and provides a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a safe. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The hot... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.6 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 22.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 475 7500 All policies Amenities at Accent Inns Victoria Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Alarm clock No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Coffee machine TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Activities Golf Cycling Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Accent Inns Victoria Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Accent Inns Victoria Red Lion Inn and Suites Victoria 7.8 Good 3366 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Saanich provides free wireless internet, as well as an outdoor heated pool and meeting rooms. It offers a gym, as well as scuba diving, fishing and billiards. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Mayfair Motel 650 Speed Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, Mayfair Motel is a convenient base in Victoria. It is a 10-minute drive from BC Ferries and has free public parking on site. C$ 646 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Zed Victoria 8.2 Excellent 3110 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Zed is located in Victoria and is close to BC Ferries. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson Hotel by Wyndham Victoria 1.0 Poor 310 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Victoria provides a comfortable setting when in Victoria. It also features a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 535 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Accent Inns Victoria 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 378 verified guest reviews 8.1Solo 8.1Couples 7.8Families 8.3Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Accent Inns Victoria All photos (39) Other (10) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Gym (3) Where is Accent Inns Victoria Most Popular Landmarks Bear Mountain Golf Club12.3 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre2.2 km Gorge Vale Golf Course2.7 km Open Space Arts Society2.8 km Victoria Harbour3.0 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf3.3 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at Finlayson0.6 km Victoria Saanich at Blanshard0.7 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.5 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery2.1 km Victoria Douglas at View2.8 km Victoria Ferry3.2 km FAQs when booking at Accent Inns Victoria How close is Accent Inns Victoria to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 3 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Accent Inns Victoria. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 02m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Accent Inns Victoria? Accent Inns Victoria has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Accent Inns Victoria considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Accent Inns Victoria. How close is Accent Inns Victoria from the Victoria city center? Accent Inns Victoria is 0.8 km away from the center of Hillside - Quadra - Downtown Blanshard, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Accent Inns Victoria by various forms of transportation. What is the Accent Inns Victoria phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Accent Inns Victoria please call +1 250 475 7500. Does Accent Inns Victoria have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Accent Inns Victoria has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Accent Inns Victoria? Yes, Accent Inns Victoria has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Accent Inns Victoria? The standard check-out time at Accent Inns Victoria is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Accent Inns Victoria, Victoria? On average, guests have been paying C$ 153 per night to stay at Accent Inns Victoria. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 89 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Accent Inns Victoria? Accent Inns Victoria does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Accent Inns Victoria have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Accent Inns Victoria. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Accent Inns Victoria from Royal Theatre? You can walk to Royal Theatre while staying at Accent Inns Victoria - you’ll be about 3.1 km away. Is Accent Inns Victoria close to The McPherson Playhouse? The McPherson Playhouse is also a popular place to see in Victoria. It is 2.4 km from Accent Inns Victoria. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Accent Inns Victoria Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
