https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Adara_Hotel.htm
Adara Hotel, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Adara Hotel Adara Hotel Hotel 4122 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,164 reviews 8.0 C$ 141 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Adara Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Adara Hotel Adara Hotel is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an outdoor pool, valet parking and meeting rooms. This trendy hotel offers a concierge, a 24-hour reception and a cur... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 905 4009 All policies Amenities at Adara Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Blu-ray player Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Aerobics Skiing Gaming console Horse riding Tennis Videogames Hiking Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ski storage Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Adara Hotel Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 435 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 212 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Adara Hotel Crystal Lodge 8.5 Excellent 4154 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The Crystal Lodge is a unique base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this charming resort features include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals The Listel Hotel Whistler 8.0 Excellent 4121 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The Listel Hotel Whistler is a comfortable setting when visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive 7.8 Good 4250 Village Stroll, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, shops and restaurants, Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive is ideal for those wanting to discover Whistler and its surroundings. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Whistler, Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa provides elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as ski in/out facilities, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Adara Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,164 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.0Couples 7.8Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Adara Hotel All photos (37) Other (11) Living room (4) Pool (4) Building (3) Where is Adara Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.3 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Whistler Marketplace0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.1 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.2 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.2 km FAQs when booking at Adara Hotel Is Adara Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Adara Hotel. Is there a pool at Adara Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Whistler look for a hotel with a pool. Adara Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. What is the Adara Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 905 4009 to talk to a Adara Hotel front desk representative. Does Adara Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Adara Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Adara Hotel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Adara Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Adara Hotel, Whistler? A good deal at Adara Hotel right now is between C$ 84 and C$ 335 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Adara Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Adara Hotel, Whistler. Does Adara Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Adara Hotel that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Adara Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
