https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Adelphi_Suites_Bangkok.htm
Adelphi Suites Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Adelphi Suites Bangkok Adelphi Suites Bangkok Hotel 6 Sukhumvit Soi 8, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1,011 reviews 8.7 C$ 107 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Adelphi Suites Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Adelphi Suites Bangkok This 4-star hotel provides modern accommodation in Bangkok and is within walking distance of BTS Nana Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. Ade... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 21.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 617 5100 All policies Amenities at Adelphi Suites Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Electric kettle Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toaster Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Adelphi Suites Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Adelphi Suites Bangkok Hope Land Hotel Sukhumvit 8 8.1 Excellent 34 Sukhumvit 8, Sukhumvit Rd, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Hope Land Hotel Sukhumvit 8 is within a 30-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. It is set amongst a range of clubs and bars and is within a 10-minute walk of Asok BTS Skytrain Station. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Sukhumvit Hotel Bangkok 8.0 Excellent 99 Sukhumvit Road Soi 6 Klongtoey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Grand Sukhumvit Hotel Bangkok is only a five-minute stroll from BTS Nana Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Bangkok. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Bangkok Sukhumvit 8.8 Excellent 189 Sukhumvit Road Soi 13-15, Klongtoey Nua, Wattana, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Sofitel Bangkok Sukhumvit is only a five-minute stroll from Asok BTS Skytrain Station. This 5-star hotel features a rooftop terrace, as well as exclusive views of Bangkok. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Phachara Suites Sukhumvit 8.5 Excellent 22 Sukhumvit Soi 6, Klongtoey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Phachara Suites Bangkok offers contemporary accommodation in Bangkok and is a short walk from BTS Nana Station. Guests also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Adelphi Suites Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,010 verified guest reviews 8.9Friends 8.8Solo 8.6Couples 8.6Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Adelphi Suites Bangkok All photos (60) Bedroom (22) Living room (7) Front desk (5) Lobby (5) Where is Adelphi Suites Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 210.5 km Centralworld2.0 km Central World Plaza2.0 km Pratunam2.3 km Siam Square2.5 km Silom Complex2.6 km Getting Around Bangkok Nana Bts0.2 km Bangkok Asok Bts0.5 km Bangkok Phloen Chit Bts0.9 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 21.1 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 241.1 km Bangkok Makkasan1.5 km FAQs when booking at Adelphi Suites Bangkok How close is Adelphi Suites Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 20.1 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Adelphi Suites Bangkok. The average expected drive time from Adelphi Suites Bangkok to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Adelphi Suites Bangkok? Adelphi Suites Bangkok has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Adelphi Suites Bangkok guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Adelphi Suites Bangkok? Yes, Adelphi Suites Bangkok has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Adelphi Suites Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Adelphi Suites Bangkok is just 0.7 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. From Adelphi Suites Bangkok you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Adelphi Suites Bangkok phone number? For questions about Adelphi Suites Bangkok and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 617 5100. Does Adelphi Suites Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Adelphi Suites Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Adelphi Suites Bangkok? Yes. You should consider staying at Adelphi Suites Bangkok if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Adelphi Suites Bangkok? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Adelphi Suites Bangkok, Bangkok? A good deal at Adelphi Suites Bangkok right now is between C$ 76 and C$ 210 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Adelphi Suites Bangkok? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Adelphi Suites Bangkok, Bangkok. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Adelphi Suites Bangkok have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Adelphi Suites Bangkok. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Adelphi Suites Bangkok from Victory Monument? Adelphi Suites Bangkok is a walkable distance (3.4 km) from Victory Monument, Bangkok. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Adelphi Suites Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
