https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/AETAS_Lumpini.htm
Aetas Lumpini, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Aetas Lumpini Aetas Lumpini Hotel 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand C$ 102 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aetas Lumpini Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Aetas Lumpini Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.1 km Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 22.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 618 9555 All policies Amenities at Aetas Lumpini Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Disabled Access Hairdryer Saltwater pool Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Refrigerator Free toiletries Safe Sauna Room service Iron and ironing board Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Child pool Garden Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service 24-hour security Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Aetas Lumpini Top Bangkok hotels Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers 8.4 Excellent 2 Charoen Krung Soi 30, Siphya, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Discover Thailand's iconic capital city from the refined comforts of Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers. Situated riverside on the enchanting Chao Phraya River, our 5-star hotel is truly distinctive. Begin your stay in one of our compelling guest rooms and suites, all of which showcase sweeping, unobstructed Bangkok river views, plush bedding and sparkling marble bathrooms. After a refreshing night's sleep, dine at one of our several on-site restaurants and bars. Two resort-style swimming pools beckon you to unwind al fresco with a cocktail in hand. Our hotel amenities include lush meditation gardens, tennis courts and fitness. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Aetas Lumpini So/ Bangkok 8.7 Excellent 2 North Sathorn Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok and presenting unique views of Lumphini Park, SO Sofitel Bangkok offers 5-star accommodation, as well as a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and an outdoor pool. The various facilities this relaxed hotel has to offer include valet parking, an executive floor and a ballroom. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals U Sathorn Bangkok 9.0 Excellent 105, 105/1 Soi Ngam Duphli, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Khlong Toei MRT Subway Station, U Sathorn Bangkok provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Ur Spa and Gym. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukhothai Bangkok 9.1 Excellent 13/3 South Sathorn Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Boasting free Wi-Fi, outdoor tennis courts and a rooftop terrace, The Sukhothai Bangkok is situated in Bangkok and provides stylish accommodation. The various facilities this luxury hotel has to offer include body treatments, squash courts and a beauty centre. C$ 276 Avg. per night View Deals Banyan Tree Bangkok 8.7 Excellent 21/100 South Sathon Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Established in 1996 and located in Bangkok, Banyan Tree Bangkok features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, as well as views of Chao Phraya River. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the city. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Aetas Lumpini All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Conference room (8) Lounge (8) Living room (6) Where is Aetas Lumpini Most Popular Landmarks Silom Complex1.4 km Patpong Night Market1.7 km Central Plaza Ladprao10.3 km Terminal 212.0 km Central World Plaza2.2 km Centralworld2.6 km Getting Around Bangkok Lumphini0.2 km Bangkok Tobacco Monopoly 10.9 km Bangkok Silom Mrt Station / Lumphini Park1.2 km Bangkok Sala Daeng Intersection 11.3 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 21.4 km Bangkok Queen Sirikit Convention Center1.4 km FAQs when booking at Aetas Lumpini Is pricing at Aetas Lumpini comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? There is a 62% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Bangkok and the average nightly rate at Aetas Lumpini. The rate at Aetas Lumpini is just C$ 105/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Bangkok. How close is Aetas Lumpini to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 21.9 km between Aetas Lumpini and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 17m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Aetas Lumpini? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Aetas Lumpini can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Aetas Lumpini has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Aetas Lumpini guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Aetas Lumpini? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Aetas Lumpini has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Aetas Lumpini from the Bangkok city center? The center of Sathon, Bangkok, is just 1.7 km away from the front doors of Aetas Lumpini. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Aetas Lumpini using any means of transportation. What is the Aetas Lumpini phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Aetas Lumpini please call +66 2 618 9555. Does Aetas Lumpini have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aetas Lumpini has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Aetas Lumpini? Yes, there is a gym available to Aetas Lumpini guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Aetas Lumpini? Aetas Lumpini check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Aetas Lumpini, Bangkok? A good deal at Aetas Lumpini right now is between C$ 87 and C$ 105 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Aetas Lumpini? Aetas Lumpini does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Aetas Lumpini have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Aetas Lumpini that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Aetas Lumpini Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
