https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ai_Hotel_Nihonbashi.htm
Ai Hotel Nihonbashi, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Hotel 11-19 Tomizawacho, Nihonbashi, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Ai Hotel Nihonbashi is situated in Tokyo and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular nightlife options and is minutes on foot from Ningyocho Station. There are a range of ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 356 490 072 All policies Amenities at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Coffee machine Parking Hairdryer Desk Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Free toiletries Storage available Services Daily housekeeping Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho 8.6 Excellent 2-3, Nihonbashikodenmacho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is within a 20-minute drive of Haneda Airport and offers a sauna. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, an all-hours reception and massages. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nihonbashi Saibo 8.1 Excellent 3-3-16 Nihonbashi Ningyo-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Nihonbashi Saibo Hotel Tokyo offers modern accommodation in Tokyo and is within a 20-minute walk of Higashi-nihonbashi Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Nishitetsu Inn Nihonbashi 8.3 Excellent 15-18 Kofunemachi Nihonbashi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Tokyo Stock Exchange, Mitsukoshi and the Suiten-gu. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Ningyocho Station. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Nihombashi Muromachi Bay Hotel 7.6 Good 2-4-7 Honcho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, just a five-minute walk to Mitsukoshi. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Ai Hotel Nihonbashi All photos (26) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (3) Laundry facility (2) Lobby (2) Where is Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town1.2 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.5 km Ueno Koen2.9 km Senso-ji3.1 km Tokyo Dome3.2 km Asakusa Jinja3.2 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.6 km Tokyo1.6 km Tokyo1.7 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.0 km Tokyo Ueno2.7 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal7.0 km FAQs when booking at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi How close is Ai Hotel Nihonbashi to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 15.6 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Ai Hotel Nihonbashi. The average expected drive time from Ai Hotel Nihonbashi to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Ai Hotel Nihonbashi? For the most freedom while visiting Tokyo, consider renting a car for about C$ 95/day and parking it at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Ai Hotel Nihonbashi from the Tokyo city center? The center of Ueno, Tokyo, is just 2.2 km away from the front doors of Ai Hotel Nihonbashi. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Asakusa Jinja, which you can get to from Ai Hotel Nihonbashi using any means of transportation. What is the Ai Hotel Nihonbashi phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +81 356 490 072. Does Ai Hotel Nihonbashi have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ai Hotel Nihonbashi has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi? The standard check-out time at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi is 10:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Does Ai Hotel Nihonbashi have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Ai Hotel Nihonbashi that can be used by guests. How far is Ai Hotel Nihonbashi from Tokyo Dome? Tokyo Dome in Tokyo is 3.2 km away from Ai Hotel Nihonbashi. Is Ai Hotel Nihonbashi close to Akihabara Electric Town? Walking distance - there’s 1.2 km between Akihabara Electric Town and Ai Hotel Nihonbashi. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Ai Hotel Nihonbashi Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
