https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ako_Suites_Hotel.htm
Ako Suites Hotel, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Ako Suites Hotel Ako Suites Hotel Hotel Carrer De La Diputacio, 195, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 603 reviews 8.2 C$ 139 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ako Suites Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ako Suites Hotel Set in Barcelona, Ako Suites Hotel is a five-minute walk from University of Barcelona and features a rooftop pool and free Wi-Fi. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. This styli... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 934 533 419 All policies Amenities at Ako Suites Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Rooftop pool Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Outdoor pool Sofa Key card access Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Toothbrush Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Ako Suites Hotel Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Ako Suites Hotel Barcelona Apartment Aramunt 7.6 Good Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also provides free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Toc Hostel Barcelona 8.6 Excellent C/ Gran Via de Les Corts Catalanes 580, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located, TOC Hostel Barcelona allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Soho 8.8 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 543-545, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Acta Splendid 8.6 Excellent Muntaner 2 Barcelona Spain 08, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Acta Splendid offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It is situated a short walk from Placa de Catalunya and University of Barcelona. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ako Suites Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 603 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.5Couples 9.0Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ako Suites Hotel All photos (34) Bedroom (8) Pool (7) Lobby (4) Other (4) Where is Ako Suites Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.8 km La Rambla1.0 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.3 km Sant Pau del Camp1.3 km Palau Guell1.4 km Parc de Joan Miró1.4 km Getting Around Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.2 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.4 km Barcelona Gran Via/Urgell0.5 km Barcelona Comte d'Urgell-Floridablanca0.6 km Barcelona0.7 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.8 km FAQs when booking at Ako Suites Hotel Is pricing at Ako Suites Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? There is a 23% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Barcelona and the average nightly rate at Ako Suites Hotel. The rate at Ako Suites Hotel is just C$ 179/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Barcelona. How close is Ako Suites Hotel to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With no traffic, the 11.8 km drive between Ako Suites Hotel and Barcelona-El Prat Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Ako Suites Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at Ako Suites Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Ako Suites Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. Ako Suites Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Ako Suites Hotel from the Barcelona city center? The center of L'Antiga Esquerra de l'Eixample, Barcelona, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Ako Suites Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Sagrada Familia, which you can get to from Ako Suites Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Ako Suites Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Ako Suites Hotel at +34 934 533 419. Does Ako Suites Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ako Suites Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ako Suites Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Ako Suites Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Ako Suites Hotel, Barcelona? Prices at Ako Suites Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 179, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 106. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Ako Suites Hotel have a laundry service? Ako Suites Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Ako Suites Hotel from Placa d'Espanya? Ako Suites Hotel is a walkable distance (1.6 km) from Placa d'Espanya, Barcelona. Is Ako Suites Hotel close to Passeig de Gracia? Ako Suites Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Passeig de Gracia, which is 0.8 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Ako Suites Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
