https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Al_Ain-vacation-rentals.htm
Al Ain, the United Arab Emirates Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Al Ain, the United Arab Emirates Search and compare Al Ain, the United Arab Emirates vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Al Ain, United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Al Ain, United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Abu Dhabi Hotels 397 Al Ain Hotels 60 Al Ain Vacation Rentals 37 Cheapest vacation rentals in Al Ain, the United Arab Emirates Show all 60 hotels Al Massa Hotel Apartment Zayed Bin Sultan Street (Main Street), Al Ain, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Al Ain, United Arab Emirates This comfortable hotel in Al Ain offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a hair salon and valet parking. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Al Massa Hotel Apartments 1 5.4 Okay Al Ain, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Al Ain, United Arab Emirates Al Massa Hotel Apartments 1 is situated in Al Ain and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Al Ain 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Al Massa Hotel Apartment Zayed Bin Sultan Street (Main Street), Al Ain, United Arab Emirates C$ 84 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Al Ain Vacation rentals in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Al Ain Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Jurayrah Ajman Hatta Garhoud Ruwais Fujairah Show more Facts about staying in Al Ain How much does a vacation rental in Al Ain cost? Al Ain vacation rentals are C$ 74/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Al Ain, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 41/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 73/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Al Ain Airport? It’s only 15.9 km from Al Ain Airport to Al Massa Hotel Apartments 1 (the nearest Al Ain vacation rental to the airport). Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Al Ain? Yes, there are 4 Resort vacation rentals in Al Ain. According to our data, Danat Al Ain Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Abu Dhabi Hotels 397 Al Ain Hotels 60 Al Ain Vacation Rentals 37 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
