https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Al_Jawhara_Metro_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Al Jawhara Metro Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Hotel 19th A Street, Riqqa Street -, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 232 reviews 7.6 C$ 72 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Situated in Dubai City Centre, Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Dubai is a short walk to several local attractions, including Al Ghurair City and Al Ghurair Centre. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.9 km Rating 7.6 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4222 3141 All policies Amenities at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Adapter Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toothbrush Sauna Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Key access Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Mark Inn Hotel Deira 8.3 Excellent Baniyas Metro Station, Behind Khansaheb Parking, Maktoum Hospital Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Mark Inn Hotel Deira offers easy access to Dubai's best hot spots. The hotel is also ideally located within a five-minute walk of Baniyas Square (Dubai Metro). C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals Landmark Grand Hotel 7.0 Good Al Riqqa Street PO Box: 42222 Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station, Landmark Grand Hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and free wireless internet. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Landmark Hotel Riqqa 6.5 Good Al-Jazeera Street 28763, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Landmark Hotel Riqqa is within a 10-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a rooftop pool and a sauna. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Al Jawhara Metro Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 234 verified guest reviews 7.4Friends 8.0Couples 7.3Solo 7.5Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Al Jawhara Metro Hotel All photos (19) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (5) Front desk (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre0.4 km Gold Souq1.4 km Dubai Gold Souk1.5 km Dubai Museum1.8 km Meydan Racecourse12.2 km Al Karama2.4 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus1.2 km Dubai Np2.4 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.0 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station3.9 km FAQs when booking at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Is pricing at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel is 44% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel is typically C$ 83, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Al Jawhara Metro Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At just 5.4 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to Al Jawhara Metro Hotel is 0h 04m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Al Jawhara Metro Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Al Jawhara Metro Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. How close is Al Jawhara Metro Hotel from the Dubai city center? Al Jawhara Metro Hotel is just 2 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From Al Jawhara Metro Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the Al Jawhara Metro Hotel phone number? For questions about Al Jawhara Metro Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4222 3141. Does Al Jawhara Metro Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Al Jawhara Metro Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel, Dubai? A good deal at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel right now is between C$ 53 and C$ 83 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Al Jawhara Metro Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Al Jawhara Metro Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Al Jawhara Metro Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Al Jawhara Metro Hotel from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 1.4 km away from Al Jawhara Metro Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
