https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Al_Manar_Hotel_Apartments.htm
Al Manar Hotel Apartments, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Al Manar Hotel Apartments Al Manar Hotel Apartments Aparthotel The Corner 24th And 9th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 579 reviews 6.0 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Al Manar Hotel Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Al Manar Hotel Apartments Providing a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, as well as free Wi-Fi, Al Manar Hotel Apartments is a comfortable place to stay in Dubai. The various facilities this modern property offers include... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.0 km Rating 6.0 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 3.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4265 8999 All policies Amenities at Al Manar Hotel Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Adapter First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Key card access No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Bottle of water Lockers Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Garden Dining table Private bathroom Kitchen Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Washing machine Kitchenette Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Face masks for guests available Key access Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Al Manar Hotel Apartments Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Al Manar Hotel Apartments Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai 7.8 Good Corner Cairo Road And 46th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Movenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Dubai - Deira 7.7 Good Salahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Crowne Plaza Dubai Deira provides luxury accommodation in Dubai and is within a 20-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Dubai Al Rigga 7.9 Good Al Rigga Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Located in Deira, Hyatt Place Dubai / Al Rigga offers 4-star accommodation and a sulfur pool, a Finnish sauna and a mineral bath. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Al Manar Hotel Apartments 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.0 OkayBased on 579 verified guest reviews 6.2Friends 6.2Solo 5.5Families 6.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Al Manar Hotel Apartments All photos (31) Bedroom (12) Gym (4) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Where is Al Manar Hotel Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Dubai Mall11.7 km The Dubai Fountain12.0 km Burj Khalifa12.0 km Meydan Racecourse14.2 km Al Ghurair Centre3.7 km Deira City Centre3.9 km Getting Around Dubai Jumeirah Beach19.1 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station30.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus4.5 km Dubai Np6.3 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station7.8 km FAQs when booking at Al Manar Hotel Apartments Is pricing at Al Manar Hotel Apartments comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at Al Manar Hotel Apartments will generally be 42% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at Al Manar Hotel Apartments, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 141/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Al Manar Hotel Apartments to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At just 3.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to Al Manar Hotel Apartments is 0h 02m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Al Manar Hotel Apartments? Al Manar Hotel Apartments has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Al Manar Hotel Apartments from the Dubai city center? Al Manar Hotel Apartments is 2 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Al Manar Hotel Apartments by various forms of transportation. What is the Al Manar Hotel Apartments phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +971 4265 8999. Does Al Manar Hotel Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Al Manar Hotel Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Al Manar Hotel Apartments? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Al Manar Hotel Apartments, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Al Manar Hotel Apartments, Dubai? A good deal at Al Manar Hotel Apartments right now is between C$ 63 and C$ 141 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Al Manar Hotel Apartments? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Al Manar Hotel Apartments, Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Al Manar Hotel Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
