https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Albert_at_Bay_Suite_Hotel.htm
Albert At Bay Suite Hotel, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada C$ 337 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Albert At Bay Suite Hotel This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. Guests can enjoy the outdoors on the terrace or have a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 238 8858 All policies Amenities at Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Sauna ATM on-site Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Microwave Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Services Business centre Spa Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill 7.6 Good 402 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Lebreton Bus Station, Holiday Inn - Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill is a convenient base while in Ottawa. This contemporary hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Downtown 8.5 Excellent 361 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It is steps from the Library and Archives Canada, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Downtown 8.1 Excellent 361 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It also features a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Ottawa City Centre 7.9 Good 101 Lyon Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in central Ottawa, Delta Hotels by Marriott Ottawa City Centre is within a 10-minute walk of Supreme Court of Canada. It also offers private parking on site and the National Gallery of Canada and Royal Canadian Mint are a short car trip away. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.7 km Canadian War Museum0.8 km Confederation Park1.3 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.5 km Rideau Centre1.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery1.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Kent / Queen0.4 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.4 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.7 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe1.0 km Ottawa Bus Terminal1.3 km Ottawa Central1.3 km FAQs when booking at Albert At Bay Suite Hotel How close is Albert At Bay Suite Hotel to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With a distance of 10.9 km between Albert At Bay Suite Hotel and the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Albert At Bay Suite Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Albert At Bay Suite Hotel from the Ottawa city center? The center of LeBreton Flats, Ottawa, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Albert At Bay Suite Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian Tire Centre, which you can get to from Albert At Bay Suite Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Albert At Bay Suite Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Albert At Bay Suite Hotel is by calling +1 613 238 8858. Does Albert At Bay Suite Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Albert At Bay Suite Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Albert At Bay Suite Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Albert At Bay Suite Hotel, Ottawa? A good deal at Albert At Bay Suite Hotel right now is between C$ 276 and C$ 276 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Albert At Bay Suite Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Albert At Bay Suite Hotel from Canadian War Museum? Canadian War Museum in Ottawa is 0.8 km away from Albert At Bay Suite Hotel. Is Albert At Bay Suite Hotel close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Albert At Bay Suite Hotel is just 2.5 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Albert At Bay Suite Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
