https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/All_Days_Hostel.htm
All Days Hostel, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 All Days Hostel All Days Hostel Hostel 13 Selby Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 94 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for All Days Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About All Days Hostel All Days Hostel is located in Toronto and features free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. The hostel's professional staff are available to assist 24 hours a day, and an e... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 647 955 2601 All policies Amenities at All Days Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Coffee machine Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hypoallergenic Hairdryer Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Microwave Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to All Days Hostel Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to All Days Hostel Keppner Guesthouse 7.6 Good 41 Huntley Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Downtown Toronto, Keppner Guesthouse is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Church and Wellesley. This guest house is set in the heart of the city. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Town Inn Suites 7.7 Good 620 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals The Anndore House, Part Of Jdv By Hyatt 8.5 Excellent 15 Charles Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is located in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of All Days Hostel All photos (36) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (5) Kitchen (5) Stairs (3) Where is All Days Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Massey Hall1.9 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.9 km Downsview Park11.4 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres2.0 km Bloor Street West Annex2.4 km Distillery District2.7 km Getting Around Toronto 34 Asquith Ave0.6 km Toronto Union - Bus1.8 km Toronto Weston11.3 km Toronto Downsview Park12.2 km Toronto Bishop Avenue12.7 km Toronto York University14.7 km FAQs when booking at All Days Hostel How close is All Days Hostel to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? There are 19.4 km between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and All Days Hostel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to All Days Hostel? All Days Hostel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Toronto, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is All Days Hostel from the Toronto city center? The center of Regent Park, Toronto, is just 1.9 km away from the front doors of All Days Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from All Days Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the All Days Hostel phone number? For questions about All Days Hostel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 647 955 2601. Does All Days Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, All Days Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at All Days Hostel? All Days Hostel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at All Days Hostel, Toronto? C$ 78 per night is the best price found recently for a room at All Days Hostel, with average deals around C$ 84 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does All Days Hostel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at All Days Hostel that can be used by guests. How far is All Days Hostel from Rogers Centre? Rogers Centre in Toronto is 3.4 km away from All Days Hostel. Is All Days Hostel close to Royal Ontario Museum? 1.4 km - making Royal Ontario Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from All Days Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 All Days Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
