https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Aloft_Montreal_Airport.htm
Aloft Montreal Airport, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Aloft Montreal Airport Aloft Montreal Airport Hotel 500 Mcmillan Avenue, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 300 reviews 7.9 C$ 156 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aloft Montreal Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Aloft Montreal Airport The hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Montreal, just moments from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. Guests can soak up the s... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 1.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 633 0900 All policies Amenities at Aloft Montreal Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproofing Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Game room Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Free airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Aloft Montreal Airport Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Aloft Montreal Airport Novotel Montreal Aeroport 7.6 Good 2599 Boulevard Alfred Nobel, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 4.2 km from current hotel Boasting a saltwater swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, this Montreal hotel is conveniently located within Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. It also offers a free shuttle service, an executive floor and a ballroom. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal Airport Conference Centre 6.4 Good 4545 Boul. Cote-Vertu Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 4.2 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi, the hotel is a convenient base in Montreal. It also offers a swimming pool, meeting rooms and a ballroom. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport 2.3 Mediocre 7300 Chemin De La Cote-de-Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 4.3 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute drive from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Airport provides convenient and comfortable accommodation. It also offers an outdoor pool, a kids club and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport 6.8 Good 6600 Cote De Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 5.1 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a sauna. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Aloft Montreal Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 300 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 7.8Couples 8.0Solo 7.4Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Aloft Montreal Airport All photos (18) Bedroom (3) Other (3) Patio (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Aloft Montreal Airport Most Popular Landmarks Marché Jean-Talon13.4 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal13.5 km Stade Percival-Molson14.0 km Centre Bell14.1 km Eaton Centre14.3 km Place Ville-Marie14.4 km Getting Around Montreal Crémazie13.0 km Montreal Jean-Talon13.7 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph14.4 km Montreal Central14.5 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque14.5 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance15.0 km FAQs when booking at Aloft Montreal Airport How close is Aloft Montreal Airport to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 1.2 km drive between Aloft Montreal Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Aloft Montreal Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Aloft Montreal Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Many Aloft Montreal Airport guests take the airport shuttle from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Montreal. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Aloft Montreal Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is Aloft Montreal Airport considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Aloft Montreal Airport are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Aloft Montreal Airport? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Montreal often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Aloft Montreal Airport for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Aloft Montreal Airport from the Montreal city center? Aloft Montreal Airport is just 4.3 km away from the center of Lachine, Montreal. From Aloft Montreal Airport you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Vieux-Port de Montréal. What is the Aloft Montreal Airport phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Aloft Montreal Airport please call +1 514 633 0900. Does Aloft Montreal Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aloft Montreal Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Aloft Montreal Airport? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Aloft Montreal Airport. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Aloft Montreal Airport? Aloft Montreal Airport check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Aloft Montreal Airport, Montreal? A good deal at Aloft Montreal Airport right now is between C$ 153 and C$ 164 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Aloft Montreal Airport have a laundry service? Aloft Montreal Airport does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Aloft Montreal Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
