https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Alt_Hotel_Ottawa.htm
Alt Hotel Ottawa, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Alt Hotel Ottawa Alt Hotel Ottawa Hotel 185 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 919 reviews 8.4 C$ 222 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Alt Hotel Ottawa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Alt Hotel Ottawa Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a fitness centre, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a swimming pool. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 844 258 6882 All policies Amenities at Alt Hotel Ottawa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Drying rack for clothing Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Pool table Services Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Alt Hotel Ottawa Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Alt Hotel Ottawa Sheraton Ottawa Hotel 8.1 Excellent 150 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel provides easy access to Ottawa's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. Guests have access to an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Arc The Hotel 7.1 Good 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Lord Elgin Hotel 8.0 Excellent 100 Elgin Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Lord Elgin Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Ottawa. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Alt Hotel Ottawa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 919 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.2Families 8.4Solo 8.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Alt Hotel Ottawa All photos (32) Bedroom (6) Other (5) Building (4) Lobby (3) Where is Alt Hotel Ottawa Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.2 km Confederation Park0.6 km Rideau Centre0.8 km Ottawa Art Gallery1.0 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.1 km Canadian War Museum1.4 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Bank0.0 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.3 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.3 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.5 km Ottawa 1 George St0.8 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.9 km FAQs when booking at Alt Hotel Ottawa How close is Alt Hotel Ottawa to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 11.1 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Alt Hotel Ottawa. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 08m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Alt Hotel Ottawa? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Alt Hotel Ottawa where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Alt Hotel Ottawa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is Alt Hotel Ottawa considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Alt Hotel Ottawa are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Alt Hotel Ottawa from the Ottawa city center? Alt Hotel Ottawa is 0.5 km away from the center of Centretown, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Alt Hotel Ottawa by various forms of transportation. What is the Alt Hotel Ottawa phone number? You can reach the front desk of Alt Hotel Ottawa at +1 844 258 6882. Does Alt Hotel Ottawa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Alt Hotel Ottawa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Alt Hotel Ottawa? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Alt Hotel Ottawa. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Alt Hotel Ottawa? Alt Hotel Ottawa check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Alt Hotel Ottawa, Ottawa? C$ 129 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Alt Hotel Ottawa, with average deals around C$ 209 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Alt Hotel Ottawa? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Alt Hotel Ottawa for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Alt Hotel Ottawa have a laundry service? Alt Hotel Ottawa does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Alt Hotel Ottawa from Canadian War Museum? The popular Canadian War Museum is just over 1.4 km from Alt Hotel Ottawa. Is Alt Hotel Ottawa close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Alt Hotel Ottawa is just 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Alt Hotel Ottawa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
