https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/American_Hotel_Downtown_Los_Angeles.htm
American Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 American Hotel American Hotel Hotel 303 South Hewitt, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 1,086 reviews 7.6 C$ 127 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for American Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About American Hotel Located in Downtown Los Angeles, American Hotel Downtown Los Angeles is a short stroll to several local attractions, including Koyasan Buddhist Temple. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.3 km Rating 7.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 213 545 4695 All policies Amenities at American Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Iron and ironing board Shower chair Adapted bath Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails City view Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Free parking Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Storage available Show more Services Wake-up service Mini-market on site Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to American Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to American Hotel Miyako Hotel Los Angeles 8.7 Excellent 328 East 1st Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. It also has a gym, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Los Angeles Downtown 7.3 Good 120 South Los Angeles Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Little Tokyo / Arts District Los Angeles Metro Station. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Omni Los Angeles Hotel California Plaza 8.5 Excellent 251 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. It also offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 339 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Biltmore Los Angeles 7.2 Good 506 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Millennium Biltmore Hotel Los Angeles allows for easy access to Los Angeles's best sightseeing areas. Some of the features on offer at this elegant 5-star hotel include an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for American Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,086 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.5Couples 7.7Families 7.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date A 8.5 Great Anonymous, Jul. 2017 it was good Photos of American Hotel All photos (58) Bedroom (30) Bathroom (13) Hallway (4) Room amenity (4) Where is American Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Little Tokyo0.6 km Hollywood and Vine10.4 km Hollywood Boulevard10.9 km Hollywood Walk of Fame11.4 km Westfield Century City17.0 km Los Angeles State Historic Park2.3 km Getting Around Los Angeles Tufesa1.1 km Los Angeles Maple Lot1.1 km Los Angeles Bus Terminal - 1716 E 7th St1.2 km Los Angeles Union1.2 km Los Angeles Station1.3 km Los Angeles Union Bus1.4 km FAQs when booking at American Hotel Is pricing at American Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? American Hotel is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Los Angeles. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 241 per night in Los Angeles. American Hotel will run you C$ 133 per night, which is 59% cheaper than the Los Angeles average. How close is American Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At 19.6 km away, Los Angeles Airport is the closest airport to American Hotel. The average expected drive time from American Hotel to Los Angeles Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to American Hotel? American Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is American Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Arts District, Los Angeles, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of American Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hollywood Walk of Fame, which you can get to from American Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the American Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 213 545 4695. Does American Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, American Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at American Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at American Hotel, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 133 per night to stay at American Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 97 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does American Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is American Hotel from Walt Disney Concert Hall? Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles is 1.7 km away from American Hotel. Is American Hotel close to Dodger Stadium? The distance from American Hotel to Dodger Stadium is 3.2 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 American Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
