https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Americana_Waterpark_Resort_Spa.htm
Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Resort 8444 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,365 reviews 7.7 C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa is located in Niagara Falls City and offers water slides and an indoor pool. The multiple amenities this unique resort has to offer include an express check-in and che... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.5 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 76.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 356 8444 All policies Amenities at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Linens Towels Grill Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Water slide Show more Activities Game room Golf Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Water park Basketball court Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Blue Moon Motel 8.4 Excellent 8445 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable motel in Niagara Falls City offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also features a playground, an express check-in and check-out feature and a tour desk. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Star Inn by Elevate Rooms 8.2 Excellent 8627 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Star Inn by Elevate Rooms is within a 20-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Tropicana Inn 6.0 Good 8674 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Tropicana Inn Niagara Falls City provides cosy accommodation in Niagara Falls City. It also features a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Space Motel 8618 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Space Motel is located in Niagara Falls City and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. The motel offers an outdoor pool, as well as rooms with private terraces. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,365 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.2Solo 7.3Friends 7.9Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa All photos (47) Bedroom (17) Other (8) Bathroom (6) Gym (2) Where is Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort4.9 km Skylon Tower4.9 km Niagara Falls Tower5.0 km Queen Victoria Park5.1 km Niagara SkyWheel5.3 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark5.6 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW2.9 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino4.9 km Niagara Falls Table Rock5.1 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara5.5 km Niagara Falls6.6 km FAQs when booking at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Is there a pool at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa? Yes, Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 5.1 km away from the front doors of Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Skylon Tower, which you can get to from Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa using any means of transportation. What is the Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa phone number? You can reach the front desk of Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa at +1 905 356 8444. Does Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa? Yes. You should consider staying at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa, Niagara Falls? Prices at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 215, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 145. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
