https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Amigo_Budget_Hostel.htm
Amigo Budget Hostel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Amigo Budget Hostel Amigo Budget Hostel Hostel Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands OkayBased on 2,256 reviews 5.8 C$ 27 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Amigo Budget Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Amigo Budget Hostel Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. The hostel... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.8 km Rating 5.8 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 12.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 208 454 743 All policies Amenities at Amigo Budget Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Lockers Family rooms Linens Safety deposit box Shared bathroom Safe Shops (on site) Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Trash cans Upper floors accessible by stairs Socket near the bed Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Library Casino Services Ticket service Concierge service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Amigo Budget Hostel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Amigo Budget Hostel Generator Amsterdam 7.8 Good Mauritskade 57, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' walk from Weesperplein Metro Station, Generator Amsterdam provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Amsterdam. It is also a five-minute stroll from the Tropenmuseum and Oosterpark, and is close to many of the area's attractions. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals The Social Hub Amsterdam City 8.5 Excellent Wibautstraat 129, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel The Student Hotel Amsterdam City is situated in Amsterdam and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 137 Avg. per night View Deals Stayokay Hostel Amsterdam Oost 8.2 Excellent Timorplein 21, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Stayokay Amsterdam Oost is located in Amsterdam and offers a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Lancaster Hotel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Plantage Middenlaan 48, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Amsterdam. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals International Budget Hostel City Center 6.6 Good Leidsegracht 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, International Budget Hostel City Center offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is close to Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Amigo Budget Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 2,256 verified guest reviews 5.3Families 5.9Solo 5.7Couples 5.8Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Amigo Budget Hostel All photos (22) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Other (2) Stairs (2) Where is Amigo Budget Hostel Most Popular Landmarks NEMO2.2 km Heineken Experience2.4 km Rijksmuseum2.9 km Royal Palace Amsterdam3.1 km Amsterdam RAI3.2 km Anne Frank Huis3.6 km Getting Around Amsterdam Linnaeusstraat0.3 km Amsterdam Muiderpoort0.5 km Amsterdam 1e v.Swindenstraat0.7 km Amsterdam Eerste Ringdijkstraat0.9 km Amsterdam 's-Gravesandestraat0.9 km Amsterdam Volkshotel1.1 km FAQs when booking at Amigo Budget Hostel Is pricing at Amigo Budget Hostel comparable to 1 star hotels in Amsterdam? Nightly rates at Amigo Budget Hostel will generally be 45% cheaper than the average 1-star hotel in Amsterdam. When staying at Amigo Budget Hostel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 107/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Amsterdam for a 1-star hotel. How close is Amigo Budget Hostel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Amigo Budget Hostel is 12.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 09m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Amigo Budget Hostel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Amigo Budget Hostel from the Amsterdam city center? The center of Dapperbuurt, Amsterdam, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Amigo Budget Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rijksmuseum, which you can get to from Amigo Budget Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the Amigo Budget Hostel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Amigo Budget Hostel please call +31 208 454 743. Does Amigo Budget Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Amigo Budget Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Amigo Budget Hostel? Amigo Budget Hostel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:30 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Amigo Budget Hostel, Amsterdam? Usually Amigo Budget Hostel room prices are around C$ 107/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 15/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is Amigo Budget Hostel from Van Gogh Museum? You can walk to Van Gogh Museum while staying at Amigo Budget Hostel - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Amigo Budget Hostel close to Anne Frank Huis? Walking distance - there’s 3.6 km between Anne Frank Huis and Amigo Budget Hostel. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Amigo Budget Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
