https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Amsterdam_Hostel_Sarphati.htm
Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Hostel Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands OkayBased on 703 reviews 5.5 C$ 31 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. There are a range of amenities... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 5.5 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 10.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 206 734 083 All policies Amenities at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Heating Shower Parking Hairdryer Family rooms Cable or satellite TV Private bathroom Toilet 24hr front desk Toilet paper Shared bathroom Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Sir Albert Hotel 8.4 Excellent Albert Cuypstraat 2-6, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Sir Albert Hotel is a modern base while in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this unique hotel offers include a coffee bar, 24-hour room service and valet parking. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Golden Mansion Apartments 7.5 Good Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Amsterdam. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals NH Amsterdam Museum Quarter 7.9 Good Hobbemakade 50, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel NH Amsterdam Museum Quarter is set in Amsterdam and is close to local attractions, such as the Rijksmuseum, the Musee Municipal d'Art Moderne Stedelijk Museum and the Van Gogh Museum. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals Prinsengracht 969 studio Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Prinsengracht 969 studio offers easy access to Amsterdam's best tourist attractions. It provides a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from the Rijksmuseum and Rembrandtplein. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals International Budget Hostel City Center 6.6 Good Leidsegracht 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, International Budget Hostel City Center offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is close to Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.5 PassableBased on 703 verified guest reviews 6.1Families 5.8Solo 5.1Friends 4.8Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati All photos (27) Bathroom (12) Other (6) Outdoors view (5) Restaurant (2) Where is Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Most Popular Landmarks Heineken Experience0.6 km Rijksmuseum1.0 km Amsterdam RAI1.5 km Royal Palace Amsterdam2.2 km Anne Frank Huis2.5 km NEMO2.5 km Getting Around Amsterdam Ceintuurbaan0.5 km Amsterdam Van Woustraat0.6 km Amsterdam Westeinde0.6 km Amsterdam Weteringschans0.7 km Amsterdam Prinsengracht1.0 km Amsterdam Frederiksplein1.0 km FAQs when booking at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati How close is Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is 10.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 07m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati? Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Amsterdam, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati from the Amsterdam city center? The center of Nieuwe Pijp, Amsterdam, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rijksmuseum, which you can get to from Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati using any means of transportation. What is the Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati please call +31 206 734 083. Does Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati, Amsterdam? On average, guests have been paying C$ 123 per night to stay at Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 20 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati from Van Gogh Museum? Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is about 1.1 km from Van Gogh Museum, one of Amsterdam’s most popular landmarks. Is Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati close to Anne Frank Huis? Anne Frank Huis is also a popular place to see in Amsterdam. It is 2.5 km from Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
