https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Anajak_Bangkok_Hotel.htm
Anajak Bangkok Hotel, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Anajak Bangkok Hotel Anajak Bangkok Hotel Hotel 65/5 Phayathai Road (Soi Golit), Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 860 reviews 8.8 C$ 51 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Anajak Bangkok Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Anajak Bangkok Hotel Anajak Bangkok Hotel is located in Bangkok and features an indoor pool. The various facilities this luxury hotel offers include a concierge, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. This 4-st... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 252 8899 All policies Amenities at Anajak Bangkok Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Shower Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Indoor pool Outdoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Balcony Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Drying rack for clothing Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Anajak Bangkok Hotel Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Anajak Bangkok Hotel The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, The Sukosol Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Pratunam Market and offers free private parking on site. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lotus Spa and Swimming Pool. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Lemontea Hotel 8.8 Excellent 55 Soi. Petchaburi 15, Petchaburi Road, Pratunam, Ratchatewi, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Bangkok hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of BTS Phaya Thai Train Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is included free of charge. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Marwin Villa 8.4 Excellent 37 Petchaburi Soi 15 Petchaburi Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, just a 10-minute walk from BTS Phaya Thai Train Station, Marwin Villa provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Platinum Fashion Mall and Pratunam Market. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Pratunam19 Hotel 8.1 Excellent 77/23 Phetchaburi 19, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Pratunam19 Hotel provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Anajak Bangkok Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 860 verified guest reviews 8.5Families 8.9Couples 8.8Solo 8.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Anajak Bangkok Hotel All photos (34) Bedroom (8) Pool (6) Building (4) Lobby (4) Where is Anajak Bangkok Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Pratunam0.7 km Centralworld1.1 km Siam Square1.2 km MBK Center1.4 km Central World Plaza1.6 km Patpong Night Market3.1 km Getting Around Bangkok Phaya Thai Bts0.1 km Bangkok PTT Petrol station (near the Victory Monument)0.2 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Ratchathewi0.4 km Bangkok Royal Thai Army Medical Department 20.5 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi0.6 km Bangkok Ratchathewi Bts0.6 km FAQs when booking at Anajak Bangkok Hotel Is pricing at Anajak Bangkok Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? Hotels in Bangkok that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 96/night, but on average, Anajak Bangkok Hotel is available for 53% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Anajak Bangkok Hotel for C$ 62/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Bangkok. How close is Anajak Bangkok Hotel to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 19.1 km between Anajak Bangkok Hotel and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Anajak Bangkok Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Anajak Bangkok Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Anajak Bangkok Hotel? Yes, Anajak Bangkok Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Anajak Bangkok Hotel from the Bangkok city center? Anajak Bangkok Hotel is just 0.4 km away from the center of Ratchathewi, Bangkok. From Anajak Bangkok Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Anajak Bangkok Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Anajak Bangkok Hotel is by calling +66 2 252 8899. Does Anajak Bangkok Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Anajak Bangkok Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Anajak Bangkok Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Anajak Bangkok Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Anajak Bangkok Hotel, Bangkok? Usually Anajak Bangkok Hotel room prices are around C$ 62/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 40/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Anajak Bangkok Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Anajak Bangkok Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Anajak Bangkok Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Anajak Bangkok Hotel that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Anajak Bangkok Hotel from Victory Monument? Victory Monument in Bangkok is 1.1 km away from Anajak Bangkok Hotel. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Anajak Bangkok Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
