https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Antonio_Hotel_Downtown_Los_Angeles_near_Hollywood.htm
Antonio Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Antonio Hotel Antonio Hotel Hotel 229 North Soto Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States OkayBased on 196 reviews 5.1 C$ 82 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Antonio Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Antonio Hotel Antonio Hotel - Downtown Los Angeles near Hollywood is located in Los Angeles and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. More Good to Know To Downtown 9.9 km Rating 5.1 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 21.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 264 5574 All policies Amenities at Antonio Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Disabled Access Body soap Hairdryer Linens Towels Cable or satellite TV Seating area Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Toilet Free toiletries Shampoo City view Shared lounge/TV area Heating Shower Shower cap TV Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Microwave Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Antonio Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Antonio Hotel American Hotel 7.6 Good 303 South Hewitt, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel Located in Downtown Los Angeles, American Hotel Downtown Los Angeles is a short stroll to several local attractions, including Koyasan Buddhist Temple. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Lincoln Park Motel 6.8 Good 2101 Parkside Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel This comfortable motel in Los Angeles offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It also provides room service, a 24-hour reception and a designated smoking area. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Miyako Hotel Los Angeles 8.7 Excellent 328 East 1st Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. It also has a gym, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Los Angeles Downtown 7.3 Good 120 South Los Angeles Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Little Tokyo / Arts District Los Angeles Metro Station. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Antonio Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.1 PassableBased on 196 verified guest reviews 5.2Solo 5.8Friends 5.6Families 5.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Antonio Hotel All photos (43) Bedroom (12) Building (7) Bathroom (6) Lobby (4) Where is Antonio Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood and Vine12.5 km Hollywood Boulevard13.0 km Hollywood Walk of Fame13.6 km Westfield Century City19.5 km Venice Beach25.1 km Santa Monica State Beach27.5 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus12.0 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel12.9 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn13.7 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel13.7 km Los Angeles Harbor Freeway14.7 km Los Angeles Universal City17.1 km FAQs when booking at Antonio Hotel Is pricing at Antonio Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? The average rate for a night at Antonio Hotel is 72% less than the Los Angeles average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Antonio Hotel is typically C$ 92, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Los Angeles. How close is Antonio Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 21.7 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Antonio Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Antonio Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Antonio Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Antonio Hotel is just 0.9 km away from the center of Boyle Heights, Los Angeles. From Antonio Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Antonio Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Antonio Hotel is by calling +1 323 264 5574. Does Antonio Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Antonio Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Antonio Hotel? The standard check-out time at Antonio Hotel is 10:30 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Antonio Hotel, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 92 per night to stay at Antonio Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 64 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Antonio Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Antonio Hotel. How far is Antonio Hotel from Little Tokyo? You can walk to Little Tokyo while staying at Antonio Hotel - you’ll be about 3 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Antonio Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
