https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/APA_Hotel_Sugamo_Ekimae.htm
Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Hotel 2-9-7 Sugamo, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 2,128 reviews 8.1 C$ 68 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae APA Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is situated in Tokyo and features free wireless internet. It also offers massage services, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. Each comfortabl... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.5 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 359 610 711 All policies Amenities at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Yukata (Japanese bathrobe) Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Open-air bath Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Public bath Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Sunshine City Prince Hotel 8.3 Excellent 3-1-5 Higashi-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Offering views of Tokyo, guests of Sunshine City Prince Hotel Ikebukuro can expect luxury amenities such as a limousine service. It is close to Sunshine 60, restaurants and shops. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station 7.9 Good 1-8-9 Higashi Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station offers modern accommodation in Tokyo and is within a 20-minute walk of Higashi-Ikebukuro-yonchome Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro 8.7 Excellent 1-6-1 Nishi-Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Offering an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro is an ideal setting for a relaxing getaway and presents unique views of Tokyo. It is close to Ikebukuro, dining options and shops. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Dormy Inn Korakuen Hot Springs 8.7 Excellent 4-23-14, Hongo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Situated close to Ochanomizu Railway Station, Dormy Inn Korakuen provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Tokyo. It also offers a sauna, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,128 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.1Families 8.0Solo 8.2Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date P 9.2 Excellent p219112003, Mar. 2020 easy to find and very close to metro just two minutes walk. opposite is a shopping market and many restaurants around hotel. room is clean and comfortable bed but small as usual Japan hotel. have onsen and breakfast but very less selection. will return for my next trip. Photos of Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae All photos (45) Bedroom (7) Spa (6) Room amenity (6) Building (5) Where is Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Most Popular Landmarks Toyosu Market10.8 km Tokyo Dome3.5 km Ueno Koen3.9 km Akihabara Electric Town5.1 km Senso-ji5.8 km Asakusa Jinja5.8 km Getting Around Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal1.7 km Tokyo Shinagawa11.8 km Tokyo Ueno4.2 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.6 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal6.1 km Tokyo6.4 km FAQs when booking at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Is pricing at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is 75% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is typically C$ 96, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 21 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae. The average expected drive time from Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae from the Tokyo city center? Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is 1.5 km away from the center of Toshima, Tokyo. Consider visiting Akihabara Electric Town, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae by various forms of transportation. What is the Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +81 359 610 711 to talk to a Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae front desk representative. Does Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae? Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae, Tokyo? A good deal at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae right now is between C$ 34 and C$ 96 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae? Yes - Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae does have a restaurant. Does Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae from Tokyo Dome? Tokyo Dome in Tokyo is 3.5 km away from Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
