https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/APA_Hotel_Shinjuku_Kabukicho_Tower.htm
Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Hotel 1-20-2 Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 43 reviews 7.7 C$ 136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower APA Hotel Shinjuku-Kabukicho Tower is located in Central Tokyo, a five-minute walk to Kabukicho. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Shinjuku Train Stat... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 17.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 351 553 811 All policies Amenities at Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Kettle Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Free toiletries Heating Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Show more Services Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Hotel Gracery Shinjuku 8.5 Excellent 1-19-1 Kabukicho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, Hotel Gracery Shinjuku offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Kabukicho. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Premier Hotel Cabin Shinjuku 7.8 Good 2-40-3 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Shinjuku Train Station, Premier Hotel-Cabin-Shinjuku offers guests an ideal base when visiting Tokyo. It is close to Kabukicho, eateries and shops. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Shinjuku Prince Hotel 8.0 Excellent 1-30-1 Kabuki-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Shinjuku, Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Shinjuku Prince Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Central Tokyo. It is close to Kabukicho, dining options and shops. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo 8.3 Excellent 1-2-9, Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Shinjuku Train Station, Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo offers guests an ideal base while in Tokyo. Just minutes from Shinjuku Golden Gai, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 43 verified guest reviews 10.0Friends 8.8Couples 7.4Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date J 9.3 Excellent Jerry, Jan. 2020 very good location in the center of shinjuku! and I enjoy the hot spring on top floor so much every day I walked very long on street. E 8.7 Great Edto, Jan. 2019 WiFi the worst A 8.1 Great Anonymous, Oct. 2017 Despite the room being a bit small, everything else is great. I 9.7 Excellent Israa, Oct. 2017 Great service for the price. Friendly staff. A 7.0 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2016 location is great however the staff were not very friendly. it is a busy location that most of the hotel guests are from overseas, you can not expect Japanese service standard service here. Photos of Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower All photos (41) Bedroom (8) Building (7) Other (7) Spa (4) Where is Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Most Popular Landmarks Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden1.5 km Yoyogi Koen2.8 km Roppongi Hills4.4 km Tokyo Dome4.7 km Ginza Mitsukoshi6.4 km Akihabara Electric Town6.5 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal0.8 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal4.0 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.7 km Tokyo6.1 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit6.2 km Tokyo6.4 km FAQs when booking at Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower How close is Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With no traffic, the 17.9 km drive between Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower and Tokyo Haneda Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 13m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower? Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Tokyo, renting a car for around C$ 95/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Tokyo Haneda Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower from the Tokyo city center? Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower is 0.2 km away from the center of Kabukicho, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower by various forms of transportation. What is the Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +81 351 553 811. Does Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower? Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. Is there a restaurant at Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower? There is a restaurant located in Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower, Tokyo. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
