https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/APA_Hotel_Tokyo_Kudanshita.htm
Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Hotel 1-4-7, Iidabashi, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 1,589 reviews 7.6 C$ 70 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Located in Central Tokyo, APA Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita provides 3-star accommodation and an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and massage services. It is close to the area's tourist att... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.6 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 57.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 107 111 All policies Amenities at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Pyjamas Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Hotel Grand Palace 9.0 Excellent 1-1-1, Iidabashi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Central Tokyo, Hotel Grand Palace Tokyo provides modern accommodation with superior amenities. It also has views of Tokyo. C$ 269 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Kudanshita 7.8 Good 2-4-4 Nishi Kanda Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Tokyo offers free wireless internet, as well as laundry facilities and luggage storage. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Niwa Tokyo 8.8 Excellent 1-1-16 Kandamisaki-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in central Tokyo, Hotel Niwa Tokyo received TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice Award - Top 25 Hotel in Japan 2013, and offers a Japanese garden courtyard and a relaxation area equipped with massage chairs. Rooms are air conditioned and a wireless internet connection is included free of charge. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Dormy Inn Korakuen Hot Springs 8.7 Excellent 4-23-14, Hongo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Situated close to Ochanomizu Railway Station, Dormy Inn Korakuen provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Tokyo. It also offers a sauna, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,589 verified guest reviews 7.4Families 7.6Solo 7.4Couples 7.8Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita All photos (23) Room amenity (5) Bedroom (4) Other (4) Attractions (3) Where is Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Most Popular Landmarks Tokyo Dome0.9 km Akihabara Electric Town2.2 km Ueno Koen2.9 km Ginza Mitsukoshi3.3 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden3.8 km Roppongi Hills4.2 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.7 km Tokyo2.4 km Tokyo2.7 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.8 km Tokyo Ueno3.0 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal4.2 km FAQs when booking at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Is pricing at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotels in Tokyo that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 288/night, but on average, Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita is available for 78% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita for C$ 87/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Tokyo. How close is Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita is 16.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita from the Tokyo city center? The center of Chiyoda, Tokyo, is just 1.9 km away from the front doors of Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Asakusa Jinja, which you can get to from Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita using any means of transportation. What is the Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita phone number? You can reach the front desk of Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita at +81 352 107 111. Does Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita? Check-out should be before 10:00 AM. For checking in at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita, Tokyo? On average, guests have been paying C$ 87 per night to stay at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 31 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita? Yes - Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita does have a restaurant. Does Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita from Tokyo Dome? Tokyo Dome in Tokyo is 0.9 km away from Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita. Is Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita close to Akihabara Electric Town? Walking distance - there’s 2.2 km between Akihabara Electric Town and Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
