https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/AppartCity_Confort_Paris_Grande_Bibliotheque.htm
Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Aparthotel 70 Avenue De France, Paris, France GoodBased on 1,055 reviews 7.1 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Appart'City Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque offers modern 4-star accommodation in Paris. Only a short stroll from Diderot University, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a kitchenette, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 24.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 79 97 52 00 All policies Amenities at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Sofa Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Garden Kitchen Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Services Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village 7.9 Good 17 Rue Baron Le Roy, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Kyriad Hotel Paris Bercy Village is located in Paris and is close to Seine. The numerous facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include a coffee bar, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Styles Paris Bercy 7.5 Good 77 rue de Bercy, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated just a few steps from Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy, this modern hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and a hair salon. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV 7.8 Good 2 place Louis Armand, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is a modern setting while visiting Paris and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes 8.0 Excellent 12 Boulevard De L'Hopital, Paris, France Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is a stone's throw from Seine and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 1,055 verified guest reviews 6.9Couples 7.1Families 7.5Solo 7.2Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque All photos (27) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Most Popular Landmarks Bercy Village0.8 km AccorHotels Arena1.2 km Roland Garros Stadium10.0 km Pantheon3.2 km Notre Dame3.5 km Centre Pompidou4.2 km Getting Around Paris Bibliothèque François Mitterrand0.2 km Paris Bercy Seine0.8 km Paris Terroir de France0.8 km Paris Quai de la Gare1.1 km Paris Bercy Bourgogne - Pays d'Auvergne1.2 km Paris Ministère Des Finances P.O.P.B.1.4 km FAQs when booking at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Is pricing at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Paris. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 343 per night in Paris. Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque will run you C$ 188 per night, which is 60% cheaper than the Paris average. How close is Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With a distance of 24 km between Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque and the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque considered pet-friendly? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque welcomes most household pets. How close is Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque from the Paris city center? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque is just 0.9 km away from the center of Bercy, Paris. From Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Champs-Elysées. What is the Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque phone number? For questions about Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 79 97 52 00. Does Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque, Paris? Prices at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 188, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 100. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque that can be used by guests. How far is Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque from AccorHotels Arena? Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque is a walkable distance (1.2 km) from AccorHotels Arena, Paris. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
