https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Appartement_In_Saint_Denis.htm
Appartement In Saint Denis, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Appartement In Saint Denis Appartement In Saint Denis Apartment Montreal, QC, Canada C$ 356 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Appartement In Saint Denis Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Appartement In Saint Denis Appartement In Saint Denis is situated in Montreal and is close to the area's popular attractions. Guests can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. Luggage storage and a dry cleaning service ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Appartement In Saint Denis Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Laundry facilities Terrace/Patio Storage available Services Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Appartement In Saint Denis Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Appartement In Saint Denis Auberge Chez Jean 4136 Henri Julien, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge Chez Jean provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It is located in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal 10.0 Excellent 4460 Avenue Christophe-Colomb, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal is located in Montreal and is close to Saint Laurent Boulevard. It also offers free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour business centre. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Park Avenue 4544, Avenue du Parc, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Hotel Park Avenue is located in Montreal and is close to Underground City. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Appartement In Saint Denis Most Popular Landmarks Stade Percival-Molson1.4 km Christ Church Cathedral2.2 km Eaton Centre2.3 km Place Ville-Marie2.5 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal2.7 km Notre-Dame Basilica2.7 km Getting Around Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph0.8 km Montreal Bus1.6 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.0 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance2.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque2.5 km Montreal Central2.8 km FAQs when booking at Appartement In Saint Denis How close is Appartement In Saint Denis to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Appartement In Saint Denis is 14.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 11m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Appartement In Saint Denis? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Appartement In Saint Denis guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Appartement In Saint Denis from the Montreal city center? Appartement In Saint Denis is 0.3 km away from the center of Le Plateau-Mont-Royal, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Appartement In Saint Denis by various forms of transportation. Does Appartement In Saint Denis have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Appartement In Saint Denis has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Appartement In Saint Denis? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Appartement In Saint Denis, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. Does Appartement In Saint Denis have a laundry service? Appartement In Saint Denis does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Appartement In Saint Denis from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at Appartement In Saint Denis - you’ll be about 2.9 km away. Is Appartement In Saint Denis close to Centre Bell? Appartement In Saint Denis is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Appartement In Saint Denis Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
