https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Apple_Inn_Tsim_Sha_Tsui_Hostel.htm
Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Hotel Unit 03, 11/F, Hai Phong Mansion 55 Hai Phong Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, Hong Kong C$ 233 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Apple Inn Tsim Sha Tsui is located only a 10-minute stroll from Tsim Sha Tsui Station and features air conditioned rooms with tea and coffee making facilities, a refrigerator and a telephone. This pro... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 26.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 8100 5550 All policies Amenities at Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Storage available Services Ticket service Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Top Hong Kong hotels Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Explore the contemporary Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East. The spectacular Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is an international hotel located atop Tseung Kwan O MTR Station and PopCorn Shopping Mall, providing an easy starting point to travel freely around the city. The hotel is located in Kowloon and just 20 minutes to Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). If in a leisurely mood, visit Sai Kung town for a fresh seafood lunch overlooking the beautiful South China Sea. All 359 guest rooms offers excellent city views, dining choices range from the all day dining buffet restaurant to Cantonese dining and a roof-top steakhouse and bar. Hi-tech connectivity makes it easy to stay in touch with business associates, friends and family. Fitness Center and a soothing spa featuring seven private treatment rooms will make you feel rejuvenated and restored. Enjoy a 25-meter outdoor swimming pool. Enjoy seamless service in one of Hong Kong’s largest, well equipped Grand Ballroom; it can accommodate 1000 guests with an energy that inspires success and is the ideal place for weddings. Be it for work, shopping or holiday, make Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East your first choice in Hong Kong. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui London Guest House Flat F2, 13/f, Mirador Mansion, 54-64 Nathan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in lively Tsim Sha Tsui, just five minutes from Tsim Sha Tsui Station, London Guest House Hong Kong offers a 24-hour reception, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. It is close to Chungking Mansions. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals The Mira Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent Mira Place, 118-130 Nathan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Tsim Sha Tsui, The Mira Hong Kong is within a 10-minute walk of Chungking Mansions and 1881 Heritage. Guests also have exclusive access to the MiraSpa and Indoor Pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel 8.4 Excellent 18 Prat Avenue, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel is set in Tsim Sha Tsui and is a 10-minute walk from the Avenue of Stars, iSQUARE and Miramar Shopping Centre. It is close to the Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre, eateries and shops. C$ 1,136 Avg. per night View Deals The Langham Hong Kong 8.6 Excellent 8 Peking Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Tsim Sha Tsui, and offers a rooftop pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. It is moments from 1881 Heritage and is close to the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Most Popular Landmarks Kowloon Park0.3 km Harbour City0.4 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower0.5 km Hong Kong Disneyland13.6 km Times Square2.4 km Lan Kwai Fong2.5 km Getting Around Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station0.7 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station0.8 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan10.6 km Hong Kong Cz2.3 km FAQs when booking at Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui How close is Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui from the Hong Kong city center? Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui is 0.1 km away from the center of Kowloon, Hong Kong. Consider visiting Ocean Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui by various forms of transportation. What is the Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui phone number? You can reach the front desk of Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui at +852 8100 5550. Does Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui? Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Does Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui from Mid-levels Escalators? Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui is about 2.3 km from Mid-levels Escalators, one of Hong Kong’s most popular landmarks. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
