https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Aqua_Aloha_Surf_Waikiki.htm
Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Hotel 444 Kanekapolei Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 454 reviews 7.0 C$ 194 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Situated a short drive from the Honolulu Museum of Art, Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki provides stylish accommodation in Honolulu. It has a spa, as well as free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and a coffee bar. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.9 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 11.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 923 0222 All policies Amenities at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Outdoor pool Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Blu-ray player Laptop safe Parking Ice maker Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe City view Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available DVD player Private parking Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Gaming console Pay-per-view channels Services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Studio in the Aloha Surf 6th Floor 8.7 Excellent Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel This property is situated in Waikiki, just a 10-minute walk from Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel, Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 267 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Sand Villa Hotel 7.4 Good 2375 Ala Wai Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Waikiki Beach 8.2 Excellent 2330 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Hilton Garden Inn Waikiki Beach is a short walk from Royal Hawaiian Center and features an outdoor pool. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Pearl Hotel Waikiki 7.0 Good 415 Nahua Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Waikiki, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It also provides free wireless internet. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 454 verified guest reviews 7.1Families 7.1Solo 7.3Friends 7.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date P 5.2 Passable Phil, Jul. 2017 Location is great. Almost everything else was dire. 30 paid parking spaces for 150+ rooms (this limitation is not mentioned on their website; we were told to park in the open air public car park next door). Indifferent staff. No soundproofing (street noise very audible from 8th floor). Breakfast quality questionable, barring fresh pancakes, and stops at the holiday-unfriendly time of 9am. Woken at 8am (!) for room cleaning. Noisy and ineffective aircon. This is obviously an older building that has had a refit to include corporate colours, but needs a lot more work. M 7.6 Good Manuel, Jun. 2017 close to everything, servise at front desk was good, breakfast every morning was nice, i would stay here again Photos of Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki All photos (45) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (5) Building (5) Balcony (4) Where is Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.6 km Kuhio Beach Park0.6 km Honolulu Zoo1.1 km FAQs when booking at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki How close is Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Honolulu Airport, and Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki is 11.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 09m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 58/day and parking it at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Honolulu. Is there a pool at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki? Yes, Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki from the Honolulu city center? Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki is 0.9 km away from the center of Waikiki, Honolulu. Consider visiting Pearl Harbor, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki by various forms of transportation. What is the Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki please call +1 808 923 0222. Does Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki, Honolulu? On average, guests have been paying C$ 214 per night to stay at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 80 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki? Yes - Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki from Diamond Head State Monument? Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki is a walkable distance (2.6 km) from Diamond Head State Monument, Honolulu. Is Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki close to Honolulu Museum of Art? Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Honolulu Museum of Art, which is 3.8 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Aqua Aloha Surf Waikiki Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
