https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Avari_Dubai_Hotel.htm
Aravi Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Aravi Hotel Aravi Hotel Hotel 45c St, Al Rigga Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 80 reviews 6.6 C$ 88 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aravi Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Aravi Hotel Modern and cosy, Avari Dubai Hotel is located in Dubai and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.8 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 3.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4295 6666 All policies Amenities at Aravi Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Rooftop pool Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Packed lunches Room service Iron and ironing board Child pool Outdoor pool Restaurant Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Safe Sauna Valet parking Coffee shop 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Massage Fitness centre Karaoke Shopping Pool table Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Aravi Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Aravi Hotel Monaco Hotel 7.0 Good Abu Baker Al Sidique Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Monaco Hotel Dubai provides 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Orchid Hotel 7.5 Good Al Riqqa Road, Deira (P.O.Box 14042), Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Hotel Orchid is within a 15-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a swimming pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Dubai Al Rigga 7.9 Good Al Rigga Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Deira, Hyatt Place Dubai / Al Rigga offers 4-star accommodation and a sulfur pool, a Finnish sauna and a mineral bath. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf 8.6 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf offers 5-star accommodation in Dubai. Guests have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 289 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Aravi Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 80 verified guest reviews 5.8Friends 7.2Families 6.4Solo 6.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date F 6.0 Okay firas, Nov. 2019 its ok but staff were not co operate and not helpful Photos of Aravi Hotel All photos (12) Bedroom (5) Building (2) Front desk (2) Gym (1) Where is Aravi Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Deira City Centre1.0 km Al Ghurair Centre1.2 km Meydan Racecourse11.4 km Al Karama2.5 km Dubai Museum3.0 km Gold Souq3.0 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.8 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.3 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.1 km Dubai Np3.3 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.8 km FAQs when booking at Aravi Hotel Is pricing at Aravi Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? There is a 52% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Dubai and the average nightly rate at Aravi Hotel. The rate at Aravi Hotel is just C$ 117/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dubai. How close is Aravi Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? There are 3.9 km between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Aravi Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 03m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Aravi Hotel? Aravi Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Aravi Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Aravi Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Aravi Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Aravi Hotel from the Dubai city center? Aravi Hotel is 2.1 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. Consider visiting Ibn Battuta Mall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Aravi Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Aravi Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +971 4295 6666. Does Aravi Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aravi Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Aravi Hotel? Aravi Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Aravi Hotel? Aravi Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Aravi Hotel, Dubai? A good deal at Aravi Hotel right now is between C$ 60 and C$ 117 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Aravi Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Aravi Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Aravi Hotel have a laundry service? Aravi Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Aravi Hotel from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 3 km away from Aravi Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Aravi Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
