https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Arbutus_Inn.htm
Arbutus Inn, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Arbutus Inn Arbutus Inn Hotel 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada GoodBased on 640 reviews 7.6 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Arbutus Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Arbutus Inn Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 23.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 386 1000 All policies Amenities at Arbutus Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Alarm clock Key card access No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Show more Services Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying All amenities Hotels Similar to Arbutus Inn Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Arbutus Inn Sandman Hotel Victoria 7.1 Good 2852 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Victoria, Sandman Hotel Victoria offers complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It also features an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Zed Victoria 8.2 Excellent 3110 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Zed is located in Victoria and is close to BC Ferries. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Mayfair Motel 650 Speed Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, Mayfair Motel is a convenient base in Victoria. It is a 10-minute drive from BC Ferries and has free public parking on site. C$ 646 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson Hotel by Wyndham Victoria 1.0 Poor 310 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Victoria provides a comfortable setting when in Victoria. It also features a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 535 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel 8.1 Excellent 642 Johnson Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is a historic setting while in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. Only a short stroll from BC Ferries, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with movies-on-demand, a refrigerator and a kitchenette. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Arbutus Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 640 verified guest reviews 7.5Solo 7.9Couples 7.6Families 7.6Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date C 8.1 Great caroljim3, Jan. 2019 Comfortable but could not get the thermostat to adjust down to 18 degrees Celsius. It kept going back up to 22-24 degrees. Way too warm for all of us for sleeping. Had to open the windows often. Clerk at the front desk didn't know how to adjust the digital thermostat as well. Overall stay was good. Photos of Arbutus Inn All photos (29) Bedroom (6) Room amenity (6) Bathroom (4) Building (3) Where is Arbutus Inn Most Popular Landmarks Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.3 km Open Space Arts Society1.8 km Bear Mountain Golf Club12.5 km Victoria Harbour2.0 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf2.4 km Fisherman's Wharf Park2.4 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at Finlayson0.4 km Victoria Douglas at Kings0.6 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.1 km Victoria Saanich at Blanshard1.6 km Victoria Douglas at View1.8 km Victoria Ferry2.2 km FAQs when booking at Arbutus Inn Is pricing at Arbutus Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Victoria? In Victoria, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 104. The expected nightly rate for Arbutus Inn is around C$ 92; a price that is 35% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Arbutus Inn to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Victoria. How close is Arbutus Inn to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Arbutus Inn is 2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Arbutus Inn? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Arbutus Inn can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Arbutus Inn has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Arbutus Inn guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. How close is Arbutus Inn from the Victoria city center? The center of Burnside, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Arbutus Inn. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from Arbutus Inn using any means of transportation. What is the Arbutus Inn phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 250 386 1000 to talk to a Arbutus Inn front desk representative. Does Arbutus Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Arbutus Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Arbutus Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Arbutus Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Arbutus Inn, Victoria? Prices at Arbutus Inn will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 92, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 72. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Arbutus Inn from Emily Carr House? The popular Emily Carr House is just over 3.1 km from Arbutus Inn. Is Arbutus Inn close to Royal Theatre? Royal Theatre is also a popular place to see in Victoria. It is 2.1 km from Arbutus Inn. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Arbutus Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
