https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Arc_The_Hotel.htm
Arc The Hotel, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Arc The Hotel Arc The Hotel Hotel 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,188 reviews 7.1 C$ 170 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Arc The Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Arc The Hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 238 2888 All policies Amenities at Arc The Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Arc The Hotel Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Arc The Hotel Sheraton Ottawa Hotel 8.1 Excellent 150 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel provides easy access to Ottawa's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. Guests have access to an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Alt Hotel Ottawa 8.4 Excellent 185 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a fitness centre, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a swimming pool. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Lord Elgin Hotel 8.0 Excellent 100 Elgin Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Lord Elgin Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Ottawa. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Arc The Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 1,188 verified guest reviews 7.1Couples 7.2Friends 7.0Families 7.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Arc The Hotel All photos (46) Bedroom (10) Other (9) Conference room (5) Gym (4) Where is Arc The Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.3 km Confederation Park0.4 km Rideau Centre0.7 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.8 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.1 km Canadian War Museum1.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.1 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.1 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.5 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.6 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.7 km Ottawa 1 George St0.7 km FAQs when booking at Arc The Hotel Is pricing at Arc The Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Ottawa? There is a 36% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Ottawa and the average nightly rate at Arc The Hotel. The rate at Arc The Hotel is just C$ 185/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Ottawa. How close is Arc The Hotel to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With a distance of 11.1 km between Arc The Hotel and the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Arc The Hotel? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Arc The Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Arc The Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Arc The Hotel considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Arc The Hotel during their stay. How close is Arc The Hotel from the Ottawa city center? The center of Centretown, Ottawa, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Arc The Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian Tire Centre, which you can get to from Arc The Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Arc The Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 238 2888 to talk to a Arc The Hotel front desk representative. Does Arc The Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Arc The Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Arc The Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Arc The Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Arc The Hotel? Arc The Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Arc The Hotel, Ottawa? On average, guests have been paying C$ 185 per night to stay at Arc The Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 125 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Arc The Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Arc The Hotel, Ottawa. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Arc The Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Arc The Hotel from Canadian War Museum? Arc The Hotel is a good place to stay to see Canadian War Museum. It’s 1.6 km away. Is Arc The Hotel close to Laurier House? Arc The Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Laurier House, which is 1.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Arc The Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
