https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Arty_Paris_Porte_de_Versailles_by_River_Hotels.htm
Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Hostel 62 Rue Des Morillons, Paris, France GoodBased on 2,797 reviews 6.0 C$ 70 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by River Hotels is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. The front desk is open 24 hours, and a buffet breakfast is available each morning. This modern hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 6.0 Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 12.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 40 34 40 34 All policies Amenities at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Indoor play area Playground Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle Shuttle service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Hotel Eden 8.6 Excellent 110 Rue Blomet, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from La Motte Picquet Grenelle Metro Station, Hotel Eden Paris offers guests a convenient base when visiting Paris. It also offers a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and free Wi-Fi. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse 8.1 Excellent 17 Rue du Cotentin, Paris, France Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse offers 4-star accommodation in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles. The various facilities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15Ème 7.4 Good 2 Rue Cambronne, Paris, France Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Ibis Paris Eiffel Tower Cambronne 15th Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, massage services and meeting rooms. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.1 Good 14 Rue Du Theatre, Paris, France Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Set in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel is within a 10-minute walk of Ile des Cygnes. It features city views and 4-star apartments. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.0 OkayBased on 2,797 verified guest reviews 6.0Friends 5.8Families 6.3Solo 5.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels All photos (32) Other (16) Bedroom (7) Front desk (2) Bar (1) Where is Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Most Popular Landmarks Tour Montparnasse1.7 km Eiffel Tower3.1 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.3 km Pantheon3.4 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee3.8 km Louvre Museum4.0 km Getting Around Paris Convention0.8 km Paris Institut Pasteur1.0 km Paris Volontaires1.1 km Paris Vaugirard1.2 km Paris Porte de Versailles1.3 km Paris Montparnasse1.5 km FAQs when booking at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Is pricing at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels comparable to 2 star hotels in Paris? Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Paris. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 153 per night in Paris. Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels will run you C$ 116 per night, which is 44% cheaper than the Paris average. How close is Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With a distance of 26.9 km between Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels and the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 20m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels from the Paris city center? The center of 15th arrondissement, Paris, is just 1.3 km away from the front doors of Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Champs-Elysées, which you can get to from Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels using any means of transportation. What is the Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels phone number? The best way to contact Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels is by calling +33 1 40 34 40 34. Does Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels, Paris? A good deal at Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels right now is between C$ 36 and C$ 116 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels have a laundry service? Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels from Eiffel Tower? Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels is about 3.1 km from Eiffel Tower, one of Paris’s most popular landmarks. Is Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels close to Palais Bourbon? Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Palais Bourbon, which is 3.5 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
