https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Asakusa_View_Hotel.htm
Asakusa View Hotel, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Asakusa View Hotel Asakusa View Hotel Hotel 3-17-1 Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,780 reviews 8.5 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Asakusa View Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Asakusa View Hotel Set in Taito, this modern hotel provides a coffee bar, an indoor pool and massage services. It is moments from Hanayashiki, restaurants and nightlife options. Offering views of Asakusa, Asaku... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 18.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 338 471 111 All policies Amenities at Asakusa View Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Yukata (Japanese bathrobe) Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Slippers Indoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Wedding services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Asakusa View Hotel Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Asakusa View Hotel Khaosan Tokyo Samurai 8.2 Excellent 3-16-10, Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Khaosan Tokyo Samurai is set in Taito and is a short walk from Senso-ji, Asakusa and the Asakusa Shrine. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Keihan Asakusa 8.0 Excellent 2-12-4 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This hotel is set in Taito, a quick walk from Hanayashiki. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Asakusa Station. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International 8.7 Excellent 2-6-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is situated in the city's famous tourism and shopping district. This property is conveniently located in Taito. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ann Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 2-10-6, Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Taito, HOTEL ANN ASAKUSA is within a 10-minute walk of Asakusa, Senso-ji and Hanayashiki. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Asakusa View Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 1,780 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.8Friends 8.5Families 8.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date N 8.9 Great Nad*, Jul. 2018 Asakusa subway station right at the hotel door, very convenient but not too convenient if you want to use the subway while travelling with luggage as there are stairs. Room is rather conpact but has all the amenities that you need. You can ask hotel reception for international plug adaptors. Breakfast was reasonable and did have a balance of Western and Eastern choices. Photos of Asakusa View Hotel All photos (27) Other (14) Bedroom (3) Lobby (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Asakusa View Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Senso-ji0.4 km Asakusa Jinja0.5 km Ueno Koen1.7 km Yoyogi Koen10.0 km Akihabara Electric Town2.5 km Tokyo Dome3.8 km Getting Around Tokyo Ueno1.4 km Tokyo Shinagawa10.8 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube3.9 km Tokyo4.5 km Tokyo4.5 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit4.9 km FAQs when booking at Asakusa View Hotel Is pricing at Asakusa View Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Tokyo? In Tokyo, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 855. The expected nightly rate for Asakusa View Hotel is around C$ 167; a price that is 86% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Asakusa View Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Tokyo. How close is Asakusa View Hotel to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With no traffic, the 18.5 km drive between Asakusa View Hotel and Tokyo Haneda Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 14m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Asakusa View Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Tokyo, consider renting a car for about C$ 95/day and parking it at Asakusa View Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Asakusa View Hotel? Yes, Asakusa View Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Asakusa View Hotel from the Tokyo city center? Asakusa View Hotel is just 0.4 km away from the center of Asakusa, Tokyo. From Asakusa View Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Asakusa Jinja. What is the Asakusa View Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Asakusa View Hotel at +81 338 471 111. Does Asakusa View Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Asakusa View Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Asakusa View Hotel? The standard check-out time at Asakusa View Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Asakusa View Hotel, Tokyo? A good deal at Asakusa View Hotel right now is between C$ 58 and C$ 167 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Asakusa View Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Asakusa View Hotel for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Asakusa View Hotel have a laundry service? Asakusa View Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Asakusa View Hotel from Tokyo Dome? Asakusa View Hotel is a walkable distance (3.8 km) from Tokyo Dome, Tokyo. Is Asakusa View Hotel close to Akihabara Electric Town? Asakusa View Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Akihabara Electric Town, which is 2.5 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Asakusa View Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
