https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ashburn_Court_Apartments.htm
Ashburn Court Apartments, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Ashburn Court Apartments Ashburn Court Apartments Apartment London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 88 reviews 8.2 C$ 228 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ashburn Court Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Ashburn Court Apartments Situated close to Earl's Court Tube Station, Ashburn Court Apartments offers guests an ideal base while visiting London. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. The ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 8.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Ashburn Court Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Linens Towels Seating area Elevator Semi-detached Shampoo Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Children's high chair City view Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine DVD player Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Ashburn Court Apartments Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Leonardo London St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Ashburn Court Apartments Cromwell International Hotel 4.5 Okay 139-141 Cromwell Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated just a brief stroll from Gloucester Road Tube Station, Cromwell International Hotel offers guests a convenient base while in London. It is close to Gloucester Road. C$ 73 Avg. per night View Deals Ambassadors Hotel 16 Collingham Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Ambassadors Hotel London is within a 10-minute walk of Gloucester Road and the Baden-Powell House. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals The Bailey's Hotel London Kensington 7.9 Good 140 Gloucester Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central London, this hotel is a short walk from the Natural History Museum London. It has free Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Gloucester Road Tube Station. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Gloucester Hotel London Kensington 7.3 Good 4-18 Harrington Gardens, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central London, Millennium Gloucester Hotel London Kensington offers 4-star accommodation and a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor/outdoor connecting pool. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 180 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 298 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ashburn Court Apartments 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 88 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.8Friends 7.7Couples 7.9Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ashburn Court Apartments All photos (46) Bedroom (17) Living room (11) Bathroom (6) Building (3) Where is Ashburn Court Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Kensington Gardens1.5 km Harrods1.6 km Hyde Park1.7 km Buckingham Palace3.2 km Oxford Circus3.8 km Piccadilly Circus3.9 km Getting Around London Cromwell Road0.1 km London Earl's Court0.6 km London Earl's Court0.7 km London Fulham Road Beaufort Street0.9 km London Royal Albert Hall0.9 km London West Brompton1.1 km FAQs when booking at Ashburn Court Apartments How close is Ashburn Court Apartments to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 18.9 km between Ashburn Court Apartments and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Ashburn Court Apartments? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ashburn Court Apartments guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is Ashburn Court Apartments from the London city center? Ashburn Court Apartments is just 0.3 km away from the center of South Kensington, London. From Ashburn Court Apartments you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. Does Ashburn Court Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ashburn Court Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ashburn Court Apartments? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Ashburn Court Apartments, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Ashburn Court Apartments, London? Usually Ashburn Court Apartments room prices are around C$ 327/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 179/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Ashburn Court Apartments have a laundry service? Ashburn Court Apartments does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Ashburn Court Apartments from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at Ashburn Court Apartments - you’ll be about 1.7 km away. Is Ashburn Court Apartments close to Nobu Portman Square? Nobu Portman Square is also a popular place to see in London. It is 3.1 km from Ashburn Court Apartments. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Ashburn Court Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
