https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Aspira_Tropical_Residence_Thong_Lor.htm
Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Hotel 22 Soi Phrom Phak, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 279 reviews 8.3 C$ 49 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor is located in Bangkok and features miniature golf. It also has an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. This 4-star hotel offers luggage storage, a 24-hour re... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.6 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 253 9150 All policies Amenities at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private apartment in building Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Linens Towels Safety deposit box Soap and Shampoo Provided Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared toilet Shower Accessible by elevator Dining room First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Kettle Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Drying rack for clothing DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Key access 24-hour security Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 144 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Aspira Hana Residence Thong Lor 7.7 Good 66 Soi Thonglor 23, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This pet-friendly property is located in Bangkok and offers free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Metropole Bangkok is an ideal base when in Bangkok. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nikko Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 27 Soi Sukhumvit 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Hotel Nikko Bangkok is within a 40-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor 8.3 Excellent 24 Soi Sukhumvit 57, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Situated in Bangkok, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is within walking distance of the Bangkok Planetarium and provides a Jacuzzi and a saltwater swimming pool. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.9 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 279 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 8.3Couples 8.0Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor All photos (25) Bedroom (5) Pool (5) Living room (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 212.0 km Gateway Ekamai Mall2.1 km Centralworld4.4 km Central World Plaza4.5 km Pratunam4.6 km Silom Complex4.8 km Getting Around Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 28 21.1 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts1.2 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts (exit 4)1.2 km Bangkok Khlong Tan1.4 km Bangkok Thong Lo Bts1.4 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 241.6 km FAQs when booking at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Is pricing at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? Nightly rates at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor will generally be 35% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Bangkok. When staying at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 74/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Bangkok for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? There are 19.9 km between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor? Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 45/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor from the Bangkok city center? Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor is just 0.4 km away from the center of Watthana, Bangkok. From Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor phone number? For questions about Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 253 9150. Does Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor? Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor, Bangkok? Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 74/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 34/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor. Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
