https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Atana_Hotel.htm
Atana Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Atana Hotel Atana Hotel Hotel Tecom, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 15,338 reviews 7.8 C$ 132 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Atana Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Atana Hotel Boasting a swimming pool and a sauna, Atana Hotel is situated in Dubai and provides comfortable accommodation. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel offers comfortable 4-star rooms an... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.3 km Rating 7.8 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4356 6666 All policies Amenities at Atana Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Kids' club Playground Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon Airport shuttle (surcharge) Video conferencing Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Atana Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Atana Hotel Media Rotana 7.6 Good Al Barsha, off Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Providing an on-site night club and a beauty salon, Media Rotana Hotel is situated in Dubai and boasts 5-star accommodation. Guests also have exclusive access to the Infinity SPA and Bodylines Fitness centre. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Ramee Rose Hotel 6.1 Good Tecom, al Barsha P.O.Box, 26816, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Ramee Rose Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Metro Central Dubai 8.5 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Citadines Metro Central Apartments offers a modern setting in Dubai and has a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking on-site. There is also a fitness centre with a cross trainer, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals First Central Hotel Suites 8.1 Excellent Tecom, Al Barsha 3, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, First Central Hotel Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and facial treatments. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Atana Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 15,338 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.8Families 7.9Friends 7.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2019 it was great A 6.5 Okay Anonymous, Feb. 2018 Rooms and facilities were good, management not very good, some staff is trying to do their best, but some of them are absolute disaster. Looks this hotel does not have established good standard. M 10.0 Excellent Mubarak, Jan. 2018 it was very good experiency Photos of Atana Hotel All photos (50) Bedroom (10) Other (6) Bathroom (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Atana Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse14.0 km The Dubai Fountain14.3 km Burj Khalifa14.3 km Dubai Mall14.7 km Emirates Towers16.6 km Al Karama20.7 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station19.5 km Dubai Np20.7 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus23.3 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station4.2 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach45.4 km FAQs when booking at Atana Hotel Is pricing at Atana Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Atana Hotel is 38% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Atana Hotel is typically C$ 153, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Atana Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Atana Hotel is 25.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 19m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Atana Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Atana Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Atana Hotel? Yes, Atana Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Atana Hotel from the Dubai city center? Atana Hotel is 0.5 km away from the center of Barsha Heights, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Atana Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Atana Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Atana Hotel at +971 4356 6666. Does Atana Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Atana Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Atana Hotel? Atana Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Atana Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Atana Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Atana Hotel, Dubai? Usually Atana Hotel room prices are around C$ 153/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 86/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Atana Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Atana Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Atana Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Atana Hotel. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Atana Hotel from Souq Madinat Jumeirah? Atana Hotel is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Souq Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Atana Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
