https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Atlantis_The_Palm.htm
Atlantis, The Palm, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Atlantis, The Palm Atlantis, The Palm Hotel 1 Crescent Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 15,441 reviews 8.9 C$ 619 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Atlantis, The Palm Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Atlantis, The Palm The award-winning Atlantis The Palm is set on the crescent of Palm Island, and offers 5-star luxury, including over a kilometre of private beaches and 2 outdoor pools with impressive views of Dubai's ... More Good to Know To Downtown 17.6 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 28.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4426 0000 All policies Amenities at Atlantis, The Palm Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Private parking Radio Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Shampoo Jacuzzi Shower Shower cap Slippers Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Soundproofing Tea/coffee maker Telephone Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Water slide Wine glasses Ironing service Shoeshine Shops (on site) Free parking Private beach Bathrobe Garden Kitchen Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Grill Elevator Minibar Pool bar Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Additional toilet Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Balcony Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Carpeted City view Clothes rack Coffee machine Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Show more Activities Eco tourism Fishing Game room Golf Scuba diving Snorkeling Tennis Board games/puzzles Books, DVDs, music for children Diving Evening entertainment Fitness centre Horse riding Indoor play area Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Pay-per-view channels Table tennis Playground Water park Water sport facilities (on site) Windsurfing Massage Shopping Show more Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Entertainment staff Grocery deliveries Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Airport shuttle (surcharge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Atlantis, The Palm Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Atlantis, The Palm The Retreat Palm Dubai - MGallery 8.1 Excellent Palm Jumeirah, 0, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Guests of this peaceful resort will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site spa and wellness centre, all located just a quick drive from the centre of Dubai. It features an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont The Palm 7.9 Good Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel This comfortable resort in Dubai offers free wireless internet, as well as a private beach and an outdoor pool. It also features a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 447 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Central Hotel The Palm 8.2 Excellent East Crescent, The Palm Jumeirah, 22369, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Dubai offers free wireless internet, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature and an infinity pool. It also provides free private parking on site and 23 Marina is a brief car trip away. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals Jumeirah Zabeel Saray 8.7 Excellent Palm Jumeirah, West Crescent, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Providing outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and an indoor pool, Jumeirah Zabeel Saray is a luxurious base in Dubai. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Atlantis, The Palm 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 15,441 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.7Solo 8.8Friends 9.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date S 9.7 Excellent Samia-Marie, Oct. 2019 great experiences, smashing facilities great customer service S 9.1 Excellent sofeyachakik, Apr. 2019 if your travelling for leisure with family, there will be no reason to leave this place. rooms are spacious and clean. beds a bit too firm and so didn’t find them as comfy. breakfast options unbelievable and dinning options overall are endless. pools are great and waterparks amazing. hotel is extremely busy at any time of year or day and so you don’t often get the personal feel when staying here. but overall would definitely stay here again. A 6.2 Okay Anonymous, Oct. 2017 the service not for 5 star hotel!!! Photos of Atlantis, The Palm All photos (60) Other (19) Bedroom (7) Bar (4) Building (4) Where is Atlantis, The Palm Most Popular Landmarks Burj Khalifa17.5 km The Dubai Fountain17.6 km Dubai Mall18.0 km Meydan Racecourse19.0 km Emirates Towers19.3 km Al Karama23.1 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station21.3 km Dubai Np22.6 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus25.1 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach47.4 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station6.1 km FAQs when booking at Atlantis, The Palm How close is Atlantis, The Palm to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Atlantis, The Palm is 28.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 22m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Atlantis, The Palm? Atlantis, The Palm has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Atlantis, The Palm? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Atlantis, The Palm has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Atlantis, The Palm from the Dubai city center? Atlantis, The Palm is 5.9 km away from the center of Dubai Marina, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Atlantis, The Palm by various forms of transportation. What is the Atlantis, The Palm phone number? The best way to contact Atlantis, The Palm is by calling +971 4426 0000. Does Atlantis, The Palm have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Atlantis, The Palm has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Atlantis, The Palm? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Atlantis, The Palm. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Atlantis, The Palm? The standard check-out time at Atlantis, The Palm is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Atlantis, The Palm, Dubai? C$ 9 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Atlantis, The Palm, with average deals around C$ 781 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Atlantis, The Palm? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Atlantis, The Palm, Dubai. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Atlantis, The Palm have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Atlantis, The Palm. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Atlantis, The Palm Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
