https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Atrium_Inn_Vancouver.htm
Atrium Inn Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Atrium Inn Vancouver Atrium Inn Vancouver Hotel 2889 Hastings Street East, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 2,100 reviews 7.4 C$ 114 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Atrium Inn Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Atrium Inn Vancouver Situated in Vancouver, Atrium Inn Vancouver is an easy drive from Stanley Park and provides free private parking on site. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 13.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 254 1000 All policies Amenities at Atrium Inn Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Bathtub Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Playground Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Shuttle service (free) Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Atrium Inn Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Atrium Inn Vancouver Hotel at the Waldorf 7.1 Good 1489 Hastings St E, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Hotel at the Waldorf is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides meeting rooms, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Budget Inn Patricia Hotel 4.9 Okay 403 Hastings St E, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Located a short drive from Stanley Park, Budget Inn Patricia Hotel provides traditional accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Gordon's Guest House 8.8 Excellent 2670 E. 28th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Located a short walk from 29th Avenue Railway Station, Gordon's Guest House is an ideal base when in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver 927 Main Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel Situated just a brief walk from Pacific Central Station, C&N Backpackers Hostel Vancouver provides guests with a convenient base when in Vancouver. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Atrium Inn Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 2,103 verified guest reviews 7.3Families 7.4Couples 7.4Solo 7.3Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date D 9.5 Excellent doryguzik, Aug. 2018 the people at the front desk were excellent! they were very kind and helpful! Photos of Atrium Inn Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Bathroom (8) Restaurant (6) Outdoors view (5) Where is Atrium Inn Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Coliseum0.5 km Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre14.5 km TELUS World of Science4.4 km Science World at TELUS World of Science4.4 km Rogers Arena4.7 km BC Place Stadium4.9 km Getting Around Vancouver Pacific Central Station4.0 km Vancouver Waterfront Station4.9 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel5.0 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station5.5 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station5.5 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe5.9 km FAQs when booking at Atrium Inn Vancouver How close is Atrium Inn Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Atrium Inn Vancouver is 5.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Atrium Inn Vancouver? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Atrium Inn Vancouver where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Atrium Inn Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Atrium Inn Vancouver welcomes most household pets. How close is Atrium Inn Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? The center of Hastings-Sunrise, Vancouver, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Atrium Inn Vancouver. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as TELUS World of Science, which you can get to from Atrium Inn Vancouver using any means of transportation. What is the Atrium Inn Vancouver phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 254 1000 to talk to a Atrium Inn Vancouver front desk representative. Does Atrium Inn Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Atrium Inn Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Atrium Inn Vancouver? Atrium Inn Vancouver does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Atrium Inn Vancouver? Atrium Inn Vancouver has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Atrium Inn Vancouver, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 139 per night to stay at Atrium Inn Vancouver. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 37 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Atrium Inn Vancouver? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Atrium Inn Vancouver, Vancouver. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Atrium Inn Vancouver have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Atrium Inn Vancouver that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Atrium Inn Vancouver from Playland Amusement Park? Atrium Inn Vancouver is a good place to stay to see Playland Amusement Park. It’s 0.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Atrium Inn Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
