https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_du_Plateau_Mont_Royal.htm
Auberge du Plateau, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge du Plateau Auberge du Plateau Hostel 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 873 reviews 8.3 C$ 58 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge du Plateau Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge du Plateau Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 284 1276 All policies Amenities at Auberge du Plateau Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Computer use available Reading light Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Fold-up bed Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Mosquito net Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Toothbrush Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Foosball table Books Services Ticket service Business centre Fax/photocopying Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge du Plateau Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Auberge du Plateau Loft Hotel 6.4 Good 334 Terrasse Saint-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base while in Montreal. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Des Arts 4.8 Okay 2060 Saint-Dominique, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated close to Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Hotel des Arts provides guests with an ideal base while in Montreal. It is steps from Saint Laurent Boulevard, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 10 8.5 Excellent 10 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel HOTEL 10 provides trendy 4-star accommodation in Montreal. It has a fitness centre, as well as valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and a free shuttle service. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Quartier Latin 6.6 Good 1763 St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located within a 10-minute walk of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel is an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It is moments from Saint Denis Street, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge du Plateau 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 873 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.1Families 8.1Couples 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Auberge du Plateau All photos (51) Bedroom (30) Other (7) Bathroom (4) Balcony (2) Where is Auberge du Plateau Most Popular Landmarks Stade Percival-Molson1.1 km Christ Church Cathedral1.2 km Eaton Centre1.3 km Place Ville-Marie1.4 km Notre-Dame Basilica1.5 km Marché Bonsecours1.5 km Getting Around Montreal Bus0.6 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.0 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.4 km Montreal Central1.7 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.6 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.0 km FAQs when booking at Auberge du Plateau Is pricing at Auberge du Plateau comparable to 2 star hotels in Montreal? Nightly rates at Auberge du Plateau will generally be 42% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Montreal. When staying at Auberge du Plateau, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 99/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Montreal for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Auberge du Plateau to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At 15.3 km away, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is the closest airport to Auberge du Plateau. The average expected drive time from Auberge du Plateau to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge du Plateau? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge du Plateau can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Auberge du Plateau has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Auberge du Plateau guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Auberge du Plateau from the Montreal city center? Auberge du Plateau is just 0.3 km away from the center of Latin Quarter, Montreal. From Auberge du Plateau you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Auberge du Plateau phone number? You can reach the front desk of Auberge du Plateau at +1 514 284 1276. Does Auberge du Plateau have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge du Plateau has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge du Plateau? The standard check-out time at Auberge du Plateau is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge du Plateau, Montreal? On average, guests have been paying C$ 99 per night to stay at Auberge du Plateau. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 49 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Auberge du Plateau have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Auberge du Plateau. How far is Auberge du Plateau from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Vieux-Port de Montréal in Montreal is 1.6 km away from Auberge du Plateau. Is Auberge du Plateau close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, Auberge du Plateau is just 2 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge du Plateau Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
