https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_aux_Deux_Lions.htm
Auberge Aux deux Lions, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Auberge Aux deux Lions Auberge Aux deux Lions Hotel 25 Bld René-Lévesque Est, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 274 reviews 8.4 C$ 182 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge Aux deux Lions Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge Aux deux Lions Auberge aux Deux Lions is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's tourist attractions. The various facilities this themed hotel offers include a swimming pool, a playground and an express ch... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 12.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 780 8100 All policies Amenities at Auberge Aux deux Lions Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric blankets Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Mosquito net Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Laptop Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Towels Seating area Secured parking Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Adapter First-aid kit Socket near the bed Additional toilet Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Books, DVDs, music for children Cycling Skiing Indoor play area Pay-per-view channels Playground Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Ski storage Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge Aux deux Lions Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Auberge Aux deux Lions C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Le Concorde Québec 7.2 Good 1225 Cours Du General De Montcalm, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally located in Quebec City, Hotel Le Concorde Quebec is within a short drive of the Musee de la civilisation. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor heated pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Building. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Delta Hotels Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an outdoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec 7.7 Good 1220, Place George-v Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is ideally located in Quebec City, and provides a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. It is steps from Quebec City Armoury, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City 8.4 Excellent 900 Rue Des Rocailles, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Boasting an indoor pool, Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City is located in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge Aux deux Lions 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 274 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.4Solo 8.3Couples 8.7Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Auberge Aux deux Lions All photos (26) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (4) Other (2) Patio (2) Where is Auberge Aux deux Lions Most Popular Landmarks Plains of Abraham0.9 km Church of St. Roch1.0 km Quartier Petit Champlain1.7 km Dufferin Terrace1.7 km Place Royale1.9 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency10.9 km Getting Around Québec City Sainte Foy Train station0.4 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts0.5 km Québec City St-Augustin0.9 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne0.9 km Québec City Gare du Palais1.6 km Québec City Université Laval4.5 km FAQs when booking at Auberge Aux deux Lions How close is Auberge Aux deux Lions to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 12.6 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Auberge Aux deux Lions. The average expected drive time from Auberge Aux deux Lions to Québec City Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Auberge Aux deux Lions? Auberge Aux deux Lions has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Auberge Aux deux Lions? Yes, Auberge Aux deux Lions has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Auberge Aux deux Lions from the Québec City city center? The center of Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Québec City, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Auberge Aux deux Lions. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Quebec Aquarium Park, which you can get to from Auberge Aux deux Lions using any means of transportation. What is the Auberge Aux deux Lions phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 780 8100. Does Auberge Aux deux Lions have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge Aux deux Lions has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge Aux deux Lions? Auberge Aux deux Lions check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge Aux deux Lions, Québec City? A good deal at Auberge Aux deux Lions right now is between C$ 151 and C$ 192 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Auberge Aux deux Lions? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Auberge Aux deux Lions for opening and last order times. Does Auberge Aux deux Lions have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Auberge Aux deux Lions, Québec City. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Auberge Aux deux Lions from Place Royale? Auberge Aux deux Lions is a good place to stay to see Place Royale. It’s 1.9 km away. Is Auberge Aux deux Lions close to Dufferin Terrace? Auberge Aux deux Lions is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Dufferin Terrace, which is 1.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Auberge Aux deux Lions Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
