https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_Saint_Paul_Old_Montreal.htm
Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada C$ 751 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. Luggage storage and a 24-hour... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 438 386 1339 All policies Amenities at Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Laundry facilities Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Services Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 387 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 518 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Hôtel Champ-de-Mars 756 Rue Berri, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Champ-De-Mars Montreal is located in Montreal and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Viger 1001 Rue Saint-hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Viger is set in Montreal and is a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Le Saint Sulpice 8.9 Excellent 414 Saint-Sulpice, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Le Saint-Sulpice Hotel Montreal is a comfortable setting while visiting Montreal and is close to everything the area has to offer. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals The Celebrities Hotel 1095 St Denis Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This cosy Montreal hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, just a short walk from Saint Denis Street. C$ 282 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel All photos (3) Bedroom (2) Lobby (1) Where is Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Marché Bonsecours0.0 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.5 km Notre-Dame Basilica0.6 km Parc Jean-Drapeau1.5 km Place Bonaventure1.5 km Christ Church Cathedral1.5 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.0 km Montreal Bus1.1 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.4 km Montreal Central1.5 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.9 km Montreal Kirkland24.5 km FAQs when booking at Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel How close is Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 16.4 km drive between Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel from the Montreal city center? The center of Old Montreal, Montreal, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel phone number? For questions about Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 438 386 1339. Does Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel? Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Does Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel. How far is Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel is a walkable distance (0.5 km) from Vieux-Port de Montréal, Montreal. Is Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel close to Centre Bell? 2 km - making Centre Bell a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
