https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_Vancouver_Hotel.htm
Auberge Vancouver Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Auberge Vancouver Hotel Auberge Vancouver Hotel Hotel 837 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 988 reviews 8.7 C$ 182 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge Vancouver Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge Vancouver Hotel Located in the heart of Vancouver, Auberge Vancouver Hotel is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. This unique hotel is an ideal choice for exploring... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 678 8899 All policies Amenities at Auberge Vancouver Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Beach access Bicycle rental Scuba diving Fitness centre Squash Table tennis Pool table Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge Vancouver Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Auberge Vancouver Hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 6.5 Good 921 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is located conveniently in Vancouver and is within walking distance of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Waterfront 8.3 Excellent 900 Canada Place Way, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, The Fairmont Waterfront is only a five-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal. Located in the city centre, the hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's popular tourist hot spots. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Hotel Le Soleil 8.3 Excellent 567 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Le Soleil by Executive Hotels provides luxury accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 999 Canada Pl, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Ideally located in Vancouver, Pan Pacific Vancouver is a short walk from Cruise Ship Terminal and provides free internet access. Guests also have exclusive access to the Spa Utopia and Fitness Club. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge Vancouver Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 988 verified guest reviews 8.7Solo 8.8Couples 8.5Families 8.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date - 10.0 Excellent - Anton, Apr. 2017 excellent Photos of Auberge Vancouver Hotel All photos (29) Bedroom (5) Living room (5) Bathroom (3) Gym (3) Where is Auberge Vancouver Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Waterfront Centre0.2 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.4 km BC Place Stadium1.1 km Rogers Arena1.1 km TELUS World of Science1.7 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.7 km Getting Around Vancouver Waterfront Station0.3 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.4 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.1 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.2 km FAQs when booking at Auberge Vancouver Hotel Is pricing at Auberge Vancouver Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? There is a 26% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Vancouver and the average nightly rate at Auberge Vancouver Hotel. The rate at Auberge Vancouver Hotel is just C$ 239/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Vancouver. How close is Auberge Vancouver Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Auberge Vancouver Hotel is 0.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Auberge Vancouver Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Auberge Vancouver Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Auberge Vancouver Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is there a pool at Auberge Vancouver Hotel? Yes, Auberge Vancouver Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Auberge Vancouver Hotel from the Vancouver city center? Auberge Vancouver Hotel is 0.6 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Auberge Vancouver Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Auberge Vancouver Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Auberge Vancouver Hotel is by calling +1 604 678 8899. Does Auberge Vancouver Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge Vancouver Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Auberge Vancouver Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Auberge Vancouver Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Auberge Vancouver Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge Vancouver Hotel, Vancouver? Usually Auberge Vancouver Hotel room prices are around C$ 239/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 144/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Auberge Vancouver Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Auberge Vancouver Hotel, Vancouver. The hotel also has a bar. Does Auberge Vancouver Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Auberge Vancouver Hotel that can be used by guests. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Auberge Vancouver Hotel from TELUS World of Science? Auberge Vancouver Hotel is about 1.7 km from TELUS World of Science, one of Vancouver’s most popular landmarks. Is Auberge Vancouver Hotel close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Auberge Vancouver Hotel to Rogers Arena is 1.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Auberge Vancouver Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
