https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_Quebec.htm
Auberge Québec, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Auberge Québec Auberge Québec Hotel 3055 Boul. Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 702 reviews 6.0 C$ 105 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge Québec Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge Québec Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Sainte-Foy Railway Station, Auberge Quebec offers guests a convenient base while in Quebec City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a beauty centre and an outdoor pool. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.1 km Rating 6.0 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 7.8 km Policies Check-in time 5:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 651 2440 All policies Amenities at Auberge Québec Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Mosquito net Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining table Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Private parking Show more Services Conference rooms Babysitting or child care Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge Québec Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Auberge Québec Hotel Plaza Quebec 7.6 Good 3031 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Plaza Quebec is located in Quebec City and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a playground and a beauty centre. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hôtel Québec 7.9 Good 3115, Avenue Des Hôtels, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel L'Hotel Quebec is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection 8.2 Excellent 2955 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Quartier an Ascend Hotel Collection Member is set in Quebec City and is close to local attractions, including Laurier Quebec. It also offers massage services, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Quebec City-Sainte Foy, An IHG Hotel 8.4 Excellent 3145 Avenue Des Hotels, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located under a 20-minute walk from Sainte-Foy Railway Station, Holiday Inn Express Quebec City-Sainte Foy offers guests an ideal base while visiting Quebec City. The various facilities this modern hotel offers include a Jacuzzi, an outdoor heated pool and an executive floor. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge Québec 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.0 OkayBased on 702 verified guest reviews 5.6Families 6.5Solo 5.9Friends 6.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Auberge Québec All photos (53) Bedroom (23) Bathroom (9) Pool (5) Living room (3) Where is Auberge Québec Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec0.8 km Quebec Aquarium Park1.4 km Aquarium du Quebec1.5 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency17.7 km Village Vacances Valcartier24.2 km Mont Sainte-Anne45.3 km Getting Around Québec City Laurier (chul)1.0 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.1 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.1 km Québec City Vallée14.2 km Québec City Université Laval2.5 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy2.6 km FAQs when booking at Auberge Québec How close is Auberge Québec to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? With no traffic, the 7.8 km drive between Auberge Québec and Québec City Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 06m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Auberge Québec? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Auberge Québec where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Auberge Québec? Yes. Many people visiting Québec City look for a hotel with a pool. Auberge Québec has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Auberge Québec from the Québec City city center? The center of Saint-Louis, Québec City, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Auberge Québec. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Place Royale, which you can get to from Auberge Québec using any means of transportation. What is the Auberge Québec phone number? The best way to contact Auberge Québec is by calling +1 418 651 2440. Does Auberge Québec have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge Québec has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge Québec? Auberge Québec check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge Québec, Québec City? A good deal at Auberge Québec right now is between C$ 69 and C$ 106 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Auberge Québec have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Auberge Québec from Quebec Aquarium Park? The popular Quebec Aquarium Park is just over 1.4 km from Auberge Québec. Is Auberge Québec close to Aquarium du Quebec? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Aquarium du Quebec and Auberge Québec. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Auberge Québec Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
