https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_du_Carre_St_Louis.htm
Auberge du Carre St-Louis, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge du Carre St-Louis Auberge du Carre St-Louis Hotel 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,206 reviews 8.0 C$ 138 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge du Carre St-Louis Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge du Carre St-Louis Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 982 9307 All policies Amenities at Auberge du Carre St-Louis Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Dining room First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Telephone Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge du Carre St-Louis Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Auberge du Carre St-Louis Loft Hotel 6.4 Good 334 Terrasse Saint-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base while in Montreal. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Quartier Latin 6.6 Good 1763 St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located within a 10-minute walk of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel is an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It is moments from Saint Denis Street, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Empire Suites 6.2 Good 1606 Rue Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Just minutes from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Empire Suites offers a charming place to stay, close to Montreal's various attractions. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Monville 8.5 Excellent 1041, Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Hotel Monville provides easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief stroll from Saint Laurent Boulevard, Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge du Carre St-Louis 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,206 verified guest reviews 8.1Solo 7.9Families 8.1Friends 8.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Auberge du Carre St-Louis All photos (52) Bedroom (26) Bathroom (5) Kitchen (3) Bar (2) Where is Auberge du Carre St-Louis Most Popular Landmarks Stade Percival-Molson1.2 km Christ Church Cathedral1.5 km Marché Bonsecours1.6 km Eaton Centre1.6 km Notre-Dame Basilica1.7 km Place Ville-Marie1.8 km Getting Around Montreal Bus0.6 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.3 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.7 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph1.8 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.3 km Montreal Central2.0 km FAQs when booking at Auberge du Carre St-Louis How close is Auberge du Carre St-Louis to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At 15.5 km away, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is the closest airport to Auberge du Carre St-Louis. The average expected drive time from Auberge du Carre St-Louis to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge du Carre St-Louis? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge du Carre St-Louis can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Auberge du Carre St-Louis has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Auberge du Carre St-Louis guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Auberge du Carre St-Louis from the Montreal city center? Auberge du Carre St-Louis is 0.4 km away from the center of Latin Quarter, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Auberge du Carre St-Louis by various forms of transportation. What is the Auberge du Carre St-Louis phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Auberge du Carre St-Louis please call +1 514 982 9307. Does Auberge du Carre St-Louis have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge du Carre St-Louis has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge du Carre St-Louis? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge du Carre St-Louis, Montreal? A good deal at Auberge du Carre St-Louis right now is between C$ 95 and C$ 154 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Auberge du Carre St-Louis? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Auberge du Carre St-Louis for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. How far is Auberge du Carre St-Louis from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Vieux-Port de Montréal in Montreal is 1.9 km away from Auberge du Carre St-Louis. Is Auberge du Carre St-Louis close to Centre Bell? Walking distance - there’s 2.4 km between Centre Bell and Auberge du Carre St-Louis. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge du Carre St-Louis Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
