https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Auberge_HI_Montreal_Hostel.htm
Auberge Saintlo Montréal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge Saintlo Montréal Auberge Saintlo Montréal Hostel 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,457 reviews 8.4 C$ 36 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Auberge Saintlo Montréal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Auberge Saintlo Montréal Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 843 3317 All policies Amenities at Auberge Saintlo Montréal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Computer use available ATM on-site Reading light Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Privacy curtain Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Washing machine Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Evening entertainment Streaming service Pool table Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Auberge Saintlo Montréal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Auberge Saintlo Montréal Hotel Espresso Montreal Centre-Ville / Downtown 6.8 Good 1005 Rue Guy, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel Espresso Montreal Centre-Ville / Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest, an IHG Hotel 8.5 Excellent 1390 Boulevard René-Lévesque Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Grey Nuns By Concordia University 9.6 Excellent 1190 rue Guy, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Central Station Montreal, The Grey Nuns Residence by Concordia University provides guests with a convenient base when in Montreal. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering a saltwater pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Le Crystal Montreal is in a convenient location close to Bell Centre and Le Windsor. This property is ideally located in Downtown Montreal. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Auberge Saintlo Montréal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 1,456 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 8.1Families 8.0Couples 8.2Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Auberge Saintlo Montréal All photos (43) Bedroom (18) Other (7) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Where is Auberge Saintlo Montréal Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell0.4 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.7 km Place Ville-Marie0.9 km Place Bonaventure0.9 km Eaton Centre1.0 km Christ Church Cathedral1.1 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.8 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.0 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.6 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.8 km Montreal Bus2.6 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.9 km FAQs when booking at Auberge Saintlo Montréal Is pricing at Auberge Saintlo Montréal comparable to 2 star hotels in Montreal? Auberge Saintlo Montréal is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Montreal. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 127 per night in Montreal. Auberge Saintlo Montréal will run you C$ 115 per night, which is 33% cheaper than the Montreal average. How close is Auberge Saintlo Montréal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 14.3 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Auberge Saintlo Montréal. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Auberge Saintlo Montréal? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Auberge Saintlo Montréal guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Auberge Saintlo Montréal from the Montreal city center? Auberge Saintlo Montréal is 0.3 km away from the center of Shaughnessy Village, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Auberge Saintlo Montréal by various forms of transportation. What is the Auberge Saintlo Montréal phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 843 3317. Does Auberge Saintlo Montréal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Auberge Saintlo Montréal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Auberge Saintlo Montréal? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Auberge Saintlo Montréal, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Auberge Saintlo Montréal, Montreal? Prices at Auberge Saintlo Montréal will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 115, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 30. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Auberge Saintlo Montréal? There is a restaurant located in Auberge Saintlo Montréal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Auberge Saintlo Montréal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Auberge Saintlo Montréal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Auberge Saintlo Montréal is a walkable distance (2 km) from Vieux-Port de Montréal, Montreal. Is Auberge Saintlo Montréal close to Centre Bell? Centre Bell is also a popular place to see in Montreal. It is 0.4 km from Auberge Saintlo Montréal. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Auberge Saintlo Montréal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
