https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/AVANI_Atrium_Bangkok.htm
Avani Atrium Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Avani Atrium Bangkok Avani Atrium Bangkok Hotel 1880 New Petchburi Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 801 reviews 8.3 C$ 50 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Avani Atrium Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Avani Atrium Bangkok Offering 5-star modern accommodation with free Wi-Fi, AVANI Atrium Bangkok also provides a complimentary shuttle service to and from the nearby Phetchaburi MRT Station every hour. Popular facilities, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 20.5 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 718 2000 All policies Amenities at Avani Atrium Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Cooking classes Fitness centre Massage Yoga Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Avani Atrium Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Avani Atrium Bangkok Fx Hotel Metrolink Makkasan 8.1 Excellent 57 Asoke - Dindaeng Road, Makkasan, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel FX Hotel Metrolink Makkasan offers modern accommodation in Bangkok and is within walking distance of Phra Ram 9 MRT Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited 8.8 Excellent 54 Soi Sukhumvit 19, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Centralworld, SQ Boutique Hotel provides elegant accommodation in Bangkok. It is steps from Terminal 21, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 10 Sukhumvit Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel This trendy 5-star hotel is situated in Watthana and features a rooftop pool. It also showcases views of Bangkok. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Hana Residence Thong Lor 7.7 Good 66 Soi Thonglor 23, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel This pet-friendly property is located in Bangkok and offers free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Avani Atrium Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 801 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.3Solo 8.5Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date V 8.4 Great videomike, Dec. 2018 very nice hotel unfortunately traffic is a nightmare in that area. T 8.7 Great Tomasz, Oct. 2018 Good room staff nad many more A 10.0 Excellent Amrita, Feb. 2018 liked our stay very much esp the corner suite was perfect clubbed with the excecutive lounge access. N 8.2 Great Nachong, Jan. 2018 pleasant! Photos of Avani Atrium Bangkok All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Restaurant (8) Bar (6) Bathroom (6) Where is Avani Atrium Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 211.5 km Pratunam3.3 km Centralworld3.4 km Gateway Ekamai Mall3.5 km Central World Plaza3.6 km Siam Square3.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Makkasan1.0 km Bangkok Asok Bts1.5 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 241.6 km Bangkok Nana Bts1.8 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts1.8 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts (exit 4)1.9 km FAQs when booking at Avani Atrium Bangkok Is pricing at Avani Atrium Bangkok comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Avani Atrium Bangkok is 72% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Avani Atrium Bangkok is typically C$ 76, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Avani Atrium Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 18.9 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Avani Atrium Bangkok. The average expected drive time from Avani Atrium Bangkok to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Avani Atrium Bangkok? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Avani Atrium Bangkok can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Avani Atrium Bangkok has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Avani Atrium Bangkok guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Avani Atrium Bangkok? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Avani Atrium Bangkok has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Avani Atrium Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Avani Atrium Bangkok is 1.5 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Avani Atrium Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the Avani Atrium Bangkok phone number? For questions about Avani Atrium Bangkok and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 718 2000. Does Avani Atrium Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Avani Atrium Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Avani Atrium Bangkok? Yes. You should consider staying at Avani Atrium Bangkok if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Avani Atrium Bangkok? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Avani Atrium Bangkok, Bangkok? A good deal at Avani Atrium Bangkok right now is between C$ 25 and C$ 76 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Avani Atrium Bangkok? Yes - Avani Atrium Bangkok does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Avani Atrium Bangkok have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Avani Atrium Bangkok. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Avani Atrium Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
