https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Avani_Deira_Dubai_Hotel.htm
Avani Deira Dubai Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Hotel Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 888 reviews 7.7 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offe... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.9 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4601 3999 All policies Amenities at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Toilet Safe Sauna City view Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Indoor play area Pool table Massage Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Ghaya Grand Hotel 8.1 Excellent International Media Production Zone, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai Production City, Ghaya Grand Hotel offers free WiFi access in all areas. It includes a heated outdoor pool, a gym and a spa. The restaurant offers a 24-hour room service.Each Room and apartment will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and satellite channels. Featuring a bath, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet. You can enjoy city view from the room. Extras include cable channels.At Ghaya Grand Hotel you will find a tennis court. Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, luggage storage and a kids' club. The property offers free parking.The hotel is 18 km from Jumeirah Beach Residence and 12 km from Mall of The Emirates. Dubai International Airport is 29 km away. The hotel offers a free shuttle bus to Mall of the Emirates and Jumeirah Beach Residence on a daily basis. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Crowne Plaza Dubai - Deira 7.7 Good Salahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Crowne Plaza Dubai Deira provides luxury accommodation in Dubai and is within a 20-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Star Metro Deira Hotel Apartments 8.0 Excellent 184786 Salahuddin Street, Deira, PO. Box 184786, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Star Metro Deira Hotel Dubai provides a modern setting when in Dubai. It features a spa and wellness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Dubai Al Rigga 7.9 Good Al Rigga Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Deira, Hyatt Place Dubai / Al Rigga offers 4-star accommodation and a sulfur pool, a Finnish sauna and a mineral bath. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Signature Inn 4.0 Okay Al Riqqa Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel This modern Dubai hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 888 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.8Friends 7.7Families 7.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date N 6.8 Okay nayef, May 2017 not bad N 7.6 Good nayef, Apr. 2017 nice hotel in avreage Photos of Avani Deira Dubai Hotel All photos (41) Bedroom (10) Conference room (4) Living room (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre1.3 km Meydan Racecourse12.6 km Deira City Centre2.1 km Gold Souq3.0 km Dubai Gold Souk3.1 km Dubai Museum3.4 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.5 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach21.3 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station28.2 km Dubai Np3.9 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station5.4 km FAQs when booking at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Is pricing at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? Hotels in Dubai that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 472/night, but on average, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is available for 77% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel for C$ 151/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Dubai. How close is Avani Deira Dubai Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At 4 km away, Dubai Intl Airport is the closest airport to Avani Deira Dubai Hotel. The average expected drive time from Avani Deira Dubai Hotel to Dubai Intl Airport is 0h 03m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Avani Deira Dubai Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Dubai often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Avani Deira Dubai Hotel from the Dubai city center? The center of Deira, Dubai, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of Avani Deira Dubai Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ibn Battuta Mall, which you can get to from Avani Deira Dubai Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Avani Deira Dubai Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4601 3999 to talk to a Avani Deira Dubai Hotel front desk representative. Does Avani Deira Dubai Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Avani Deira Dubai Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 151 per night to stay at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 65 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel? Avani Deira Dubai Hotel does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Avani Deira Dubai Hotel have a laundry service? Avani Deira Dubai Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Avani Deira Dubai Hotel from Gold Souq? The popular Gold Souq is just over 3 km from Avani Deira Dubai Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Avani Deira Dubai Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
