https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Avignon-vacation-rentals.htm
Avignon, France Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Avignon, France Search and compare Avignon, France vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Avignon, Vaucluse, France 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Avignon, Vaucluse, France Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home France Hotels 412,647 Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Hotels 82,916 Avignon Hotels 1,285 Avignon Vacation Rentals 1,102 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Avignon Cheapest month: September Most expensive month: April Average price in Avignon: C$ 131/night Cheapest price found: C$ 40/night Cheapest day: Thursday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 47 - C$ 269 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 79 - C$ 232 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Vacation rental prices in Avignon 3 stars #1 Most popular Autour du Petit Paradis 5 Rue Noel Biret, Avignon, Vaucluse, France C$ 181 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Avignon Hotels in popular France cities Paris Lourdes Nice Roissy-en-France Marseille Strasbourg Troyes Bordeaux Reims Rouen Show more Vacation rentals in popular France cities Paris Lourdes Nice Marseille Avignon Strasbourg Troyes Bordeaux Reims Rouen Show more Facts about staying in Avignon How much does a vacation rental in Avignon cost? Avignon vacation rentals are C$ 131/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, June is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Avignon, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 40/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 121/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Avignon-Caum Airport? It’s only 7.5 km from Avignon-Caum Airport to Kosy Appart'Hôtels - La Salamandre (the nearest Avignon vacation rental to the airport). What part of Avignon is best to stay in? Montfavet is the best part of Avignon to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Avignon vacation rentals, 97% of them looked for stays in the Montfavet neighbourhood in the last year. The Kosy Aparthotel Campus del Sol Esplanade happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Montfavet neighbourhood of Avignon. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Avignon? Yes, there are 8 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Avignon. According to our data, Aparthotel Sainte-Marthe is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home France Hotels 412,647 Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Hotels 82,916 Avignon Hotels 1,285 Avignon Vacation Rentals 1,102 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
