https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BackpackersHQ.htm
BackpackersHQ, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 BackpackersHQ BackpackersHQ Hostel 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for BackpackersHQ Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About BackpackersHQ BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. There are a vari... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 234 4885 All policies Amenities at BackpackersHQ Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Grill Designated smoking area Terrace/Patio Parking Storage available All amenities Hotels Similar to BackpackersHQ Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to BackpackersHQ The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Arc The Hotel 7.1 Good 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Cartier Place Suite Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Cooper Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals The Business Inn 8.5 Excellent 180 Maclaren Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Centretown, The Business Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of BackpackersHQ All photos (1) Building (1) Where is BackpackersHQ Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.3 km Confederation Park0.5 km Canadian Museum of Nature0.7 km Rideau Centre0.8 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.9 km Laurier House1.7 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.4 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.4 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.7 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.8 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.9 km Ottawa 1 George St1.0 km FAQs when booking at BackpackersHQ How close is BackpackersHQ to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With no traffic, the 10.8 km drive between BackpackersHQ and Ottawa Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 08m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to BackpackersHQ? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at BackpackersHQ where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for BackpackersHQ guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is BackpackersHQ considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at BackpackersHQ. How close is BackpackersHQ from the Ottawa city center? BackpackersHQ is just 0.3 km away from the center of Centretown, Ottawa. From BackpackersHQ you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian Tire Centre. What is the BackpackersHQ phone number? The best way to contact BackpackersHQ is by calling +1 613 234 4885. Does BackpackersHQ have Wi-Fi available? Yes, BackpackersHQ has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at BackpackersHQ? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at BackpackersHQ. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How far is BackpackersHQ from Canadian War Museum? BackpackersHQ is a walkable distance (1.8 km) from Canadian War Museum, Ottawa. Is BackpackersHQ close to Laurier House? BackpackersHQ is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Laurier House, which is 1.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 BackpackersHQ Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
