https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ballys_Las_Vegas_Hotel_Casino.htm
Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Hotel 3645 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 8,464 reviews 7.8 C$ 103 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Providing outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Ballys Hotel in Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and is a short walk from Paris Las Vegas Casino. It is located a brief stroll from Caesar... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.4 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 3.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 967 4111 All policies Amenities at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Activities Casino Evening entertainment Fitness centre Tennis Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Paris Las Vegas 7.9 Good 3655 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Lighting up the Vegas strip with a replica of the Eiffel Tower, Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino offers guests a rooftop pool, indoor shopping mall and a prime location with The Colosseum at Caesars Palace just a short stroll away. Just a 10 minute walk from Bally's & Paris Las Vegas Monorail Station, the resort provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Las Vegas. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.3 Good 3555 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Flamingo/Caesars Palace Monorail Station, Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is an ideal base while visiting Las Vegas. There is also a gym with a swimming pool and a waterfall pool. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Caesars Palace - Resort & Casino 7.5 Good 3570 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel With its own casino, Omnia and a state-of-the-art spa centre, this Las Vegas resort provides a whole host of entertainment options. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals The LINQ Hotel & Casino 7.0 Good 3535 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel With its very own casino, The Karaoke and a state-of-the-art spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel provides a host of entertainment options. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 457 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 8,472 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.7Solo 7.7Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date D 9.5 Excellent Dean, Jun. 2018 Recently renovated rooms with plenty of space Photos of Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino All photos (39) Bedroom (7) Other (7) Pool (5) Outdoors view (4) Where is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Most Popular Landmarks Fountains of Bellagio0.4 km High Roller0.5 km Crystals at City Center0.7 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.0 km T-Mobile Arena1.4 km TPC Summerlin14.3 km Getting Around Las Vegas Bally's Hotel0.0 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd0.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel0.6 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip0.6 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.5 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio1.6 km FAQs when booking at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Is pricing at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino comparable to 3 star hotels in Las Vegas? The average rate for a night at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is 53% less than the Las Vegas average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is typically C$ 198, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Las Vegas. How close is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With a distance of 3.7 km between Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino and the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 02m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino considered pet-friendly? Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. Is there a pool at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino? Yes, Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino from the Las Vegas city center? Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is 0.3 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino by various forms of transportation. What is the Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino phone number? You can reach the front desk of Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino at +1 702 967 4111. Does Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino? Yes. You should consider staying at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino? Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 198 per night to stay at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 13 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino - you’ll be about 0.4 km away. Is Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino close to Thomas and Mack Center? The distance from Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino to Thomas and Mack Center is 2.6 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Bally's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
