https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Banff_Caribou_Lodge_and_Spa.htm
Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Hotel 521 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,686 reviews 7.7 C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Situated at the base of Tunnel Mountain, Banff Caribou Lodge and Spa is a comfortable place to stay in Banff and offers an indoor pool. It is ideal for those wishing to immerse themselves in nature, w... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 107.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 5887 All policies Amenities at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Spa and wellness centre Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Towels Fan Safety deposit box Cribs available Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Hot tub Sofa Key card access Allergy-free room No smoking Garage Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Playground Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski pass vendor Tour desk Spa Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Charltons Banff 7.7 Good 513 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this cosy hotel is the perfect base for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Inn 8.2 Excellent 501 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Rundlestone Lodge 8.1 Excellent 537 Banff Avenue - Box 1070, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Canalta Lodge 8.5 Excellent 545 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,686 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 8.1Solo 7.4Families 7.8Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date M 8.7 Great Maureen , Nov. 2018 great location Photos of Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Building (12) Living room (6) Bathroom (5) Where is Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.4 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.6 km Sunshine Village15.9 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.0 km Upper Hot Springs3.6 km Mount Norquay5.5 km Getting Around Banff Banff Ave0.4 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.4 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.5 km Banff Banff, Ab1.1 km Banff Mount Royal1.1 km Banff Hidden Ridge Way1.1 km FAQs when booking at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Is pricing at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? In Banff, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 186. The expected nightly rate for Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa is around C$ 183; a price that is 27% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Banff. Is Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa during their stay. What is the Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 403 762 5887. Does Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa? Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa? Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa, Banff? Usually Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa room prices are around C$ 183/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 96/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa? There is a restaurant located in Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa have a laundry service? Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa from Banff Park Museum? You can walk to Banff Park Museum while staying at Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa - you’ll be about 1.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
