https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Banff-vacation-rentals.htm
Banff, Canada Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Banff, Canada Search and compare Banff, Canada vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Banff, AB, Canada 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Banff, AB, Canada Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Vacation Rentals 55 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Banff Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Douglas Fir Resort & Chalets 7.4 Good Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 721 reviews 7.4 This comfortable hotel in Banff provides free Wi-Fi, as well as a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. It is the perfect base for those looking to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. View Deals Kootenay Park Lodge 4.3 Okay Vermilion Crossing, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Vermilion Crossing, BC, Canada OkayBased on 32 reviews 4.3 Kootenay Park Lodge is located in Banff and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideal for those looking to get back to nature, with Kootenay just moments away. View Deals Sunshine Mountain Lodge 8.6 Excellent Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 12.2 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 272 reviews 8.6 Sunshine Mountain Lodge provides a luxury setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. View Deals Falcon Crest Lodge By Clique 8.9 Excellent 190 Kananaskis Way, Canmore, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Canmore, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 483 reviews 8.9 Boasting a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Falcon Crest Lodge by CLIQUE is located in Canmore and provides comfortable accommodation. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and ski passes. View Deals The Summit at Grande Rockies 7.2 Good 901 Mountain Street, Canmore, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Canmore, AB, Canada GoodBased on 147 reviews 7.2 Ideally located in Canmore, The Summit at Grande Rockies offers luxury accommodation an easy drive from Banff National Park. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Third Mission Heritage Suites 9.5 Excellent Peace River, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Peace River, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 36 reviews 9.5 Third Mission Heritage Suites provides comfortable 3.5-star accommodation in Peace River. It also offers a concierge, an express check-in and check-out feature and an airport shuttle. View Deals Grande Mountain Lodge 7.2 Good Grande Cache, AB, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Grande Cache, AB, Canada GoodBased on 106 reviews 7.2 Grande Mountain Lodge is located in Grande Cache and offers free Wi-Fi. Only a short stroll from Grande Cache Tourism and Interpretive Centre, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. View Deals Chateau Elise Canmore, AB, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Canmore, AB, Canada Chateau Elise is located in Canmore and features complimentary wireless internet. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Mystic Springs Chalets & Hot Pools 7.8 Good Canmore, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Canmore, AB, Canada GoodBased on 137 reviews 7.8 Mystic Springs Chalets & Hot Pools is situated in Canmore and features free Wi-Fi. It provides a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor heated pool, a Jacuzzi and a beauty centre. View Deals Lodges at Canmore 7.8 Good Canmore, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Canmore, AB, Canada GoodBased on 339 reviews 7.8 Situated in Canmore, Lodges at Canmore provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi and an outdoor heated pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a playground and a kids club. View Deals All 120 vacation rentals in Banff Tips for booking vacation rentals in Banff Cheapest month: April Most expensive month: September Average price in Banff: C$ 341/night Cheapest price found: C$ 70/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Sunday C$ 166 - C$ 582 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 170 - C$ 300 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Banff, Canada Show all 120 hotels Modern Downtown Loft Near Rogers Place,shaw Conf 6.1 Good Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Centrally situated, Modern Downtown Loft Near Rogers Place Shaw Conf allows for easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. It is moments from the Edmonton Public Library, the Stanley A. Milner Library and Edmonton City Centre. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Northland Lodge 8.4 Excellent Waterton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Waterton, AB, Canada Northland Lodge is situated in Waterton Park and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a sun deck. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Banff 3 stars #1 Most popular Falcon Crest Lodge By Clique 190 Kananaskis Way, Canmore, AB, Canada 8.9 C$ 159 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular The Summit at Grande Rockies 901 Mountain Street, Canmore, AB, Canada 7.2 C$ 845 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Banff Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Show more Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Edmonton Whistler Show more Facts about staying in Banff How much does a vacation rental in Banff cost? Banff vacation rentals are C$ 342/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, December is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Banff, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 71/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 314/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Banff vacation rental? Sunshine Mountain Lodge has a 8.6 rating from 272 users, making it the best Banff vacation rental based on our data. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Banff near Banff Centre? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Banff Centre while in Banff, then the most popular is Douglas Fir Resort & Chalets with a 7.4/10 review score from 721 users. The distance from Banff Centre to Douglas Fir Resort & Chalets is 1.6 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Banff? Yes, there are 7 Resort vacation rentals in Banff. According to our data, Fairmont Banff Springs is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Vacation Rentals 55 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
