https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Banff_Park_Lodge.htm
Banff Park Lodge, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Park Lodge Banff Park Lodge Hotel 222 Lynx Street, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,585 reviews 7.9 C$ 138 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Banff Park Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Banff Park Lodge Situated in Banff, Banff Park Lodge is an easy drive from Canmore and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is an excellent base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff Nation... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 4433 All policies Amenities at Banff Park Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Skiing Horse riding Hiking Ice skating Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Banff Park Lodge Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Banff Park Lodge Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Brewster's Mountain Lodge 8.3 Excellent 208 Caribou Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals King Edward Hotel 137 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel King Edward Hotel Banff provides a comfortable setting when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals Mount Royal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 138 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful retreat. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Banff Park Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,585 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 7.9Friends 8.0Solo 7.8Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date E 10.0 Excellent eilencelai, Jun. 2018 excellent A 8.5 Great Anonymous, Jan. 2018 very good location and easy accessible . however hotel does not provide mineral water or toothbrush Photos of Banff Park Lodge All photos (60) Bedroom (8) Conference room (8) Restaurant (6) Other (6) Where is Banff Park Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.5 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens0.8 km Sunshine Village14.7 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.6 km Upper Hot Springs3.1 km Mount Norquay4.9 km Getting Around Banff Mount Royal0.3 km Banff Banff, Ab0.5 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.7 km Banff Luxton Museum South0.7 km Banff Ywca0.7 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge1.1 km FAQs when booking at Banff Park Lodge Is pricing at Banff Park Lodge comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? Hotels in Banff that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 186/night, but on average, Banff Park Lodge is available for 13% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Banff Park Lodge for C$ 217/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Banff. Is there a pool at Banff Park Lodge? Yes, Banff Park Lodge has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Banff Park Lodge phone number? You can reach the front desk of Banff Park Lodge at +1 403 762 4433. Does Banff Park Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Banff Park Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Banff Park Lodge? Banff Park Lodge has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Banff Park Lodge, Banff? Banff Park Lodge room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 217/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 100/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Banff Park Lodge? Yes, food can be ordered from the Banff Park Lodge restaurant. Opening times may vary. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Banff Park Lodge have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Banff Park Lodge that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Banff Park Lodge from Banff Park Museum? You can walk to Banff Park Museum while staying at Banff Park Lodge - you’ll be about 0.5 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Park Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
