https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Banff_Ptarmigan_Inn.htm
Banff Ptarmigan Inn, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Ptarmigan Inn Banff Ptarmigan Inn Hotel 337 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 2,246 reviews 8.0 C$ 154 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Banff Ptarmigan Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Banff Ptarmigan Inn Banff Ptarmigan Inn provides a comfortable setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2207 All policies Amenities at Banff Ptarmigan Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Lockers Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Sauna Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski pass vendor Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Banff Ptarmigan Inn Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Banff Ptarmigan Inn Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Moose Hotel and Suites provides a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Elk + Avenue Hotel 8.3 Excellent 333 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Elk + Avenue Hotel is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Aspen Lodge 7.9 Good 401 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this luxury hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, make for a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Located in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a relaxing retreat. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Banff Ptarmigan Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 2,246 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.1Friends 8.0Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Banff Ptarmigan Inn All photos (60) Bedroom (21) Building (12) Room amenity (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Banff Ptarmigan Inn Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.7 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.0 km Sunshine Village15.1 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.4 km Upper Hot Springs3.3 km Mount Norquay5.0 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.3 km Banff Mount Royal0.4 km Banff Banff, Ab0.5 km Banff Ywca0.9 km Banff Luxton Museum South1.0 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge1.2 km FAQs when booking at Banff Ptarmigan Inn Is pricing at Banff Ptarmigan Inn comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? Hotels in Banff that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 186/night, but on average, Banff Ptarmigan Inn is available for 17% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Banff Ptarmigan Inn for C$ 208/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Banff. Is Banff Ptarmigan Inn considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Banff Ptarmigan Inn during their stay. What is the Banff Ptarmigan Inn phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 403 762 2207 to talk to a Banff Ptarmigan Inn front desk representative. Does Banff Ptarmigan Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Banff Ptarmigan Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Banff Ptarmigan Inn? Banff Ptarmigan Inn has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Banff Ptarmigan Inn, Banff? Usually Banff Ptarmigan Inn room prices are around C$ 208/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 93/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Banff Ptarmigan Inn? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Banff Ptarmigan Inn, Banff. A bar is also available on-site. Does Banff Ptarmigan Inn have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Banff Ptarmigan Inn from Banff Park Museum? Banff Ptarmigan Inn is a good place to stay to see Banff Park Museum. It’s 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Ptarmigan Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
