https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Banff_Rocky_Mountain_Resort.htm
Banff Rocky Mountain Resort, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Resort 1029 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 2,116 reviews 7.7 C$ 121 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Situated in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, ensure an enjoyable st... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.5 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 106.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 5531 All policies Amenities at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Kid-friendly Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Living room Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Soap and Shampoo Provided Fireplace Grill Adults only Seating area Minibar Central heating Clothes dryer Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Deadbolt locks Oven Housekeeping Dishes Additional bathroom Fitness room Microwave Snack bar Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Kettle Emergency contact numbers Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Coffee machine TV Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Washing machine Show more Activities Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Squash Table tennis Playground Pool table Basketball court Hiking Games for adults Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Complimentary transportation Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 490 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Hidden Ridge Resort 8.0 Excellent 901 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Offering views of Banff, The Hidden Ridge Resort is situated close to a variety of well-known restaurants, plus treats guests to a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It is ideal for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Fir Resort & Chalets 7.4 Good Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Banff provides free Wi-Fi, as well as a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. It is the perfect base for those looking to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Tunnel Mountain Resort 8.5 Excellent 502 Tunnel Mountain Road, Box 1137, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Tunnel Mountain Resort is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. With views of Canadian Rockies, the resort also provides premium amenities, such as an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals The Dorothy Motel 8.6 Excellent 250 Marmot Crescent, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this peaceful motel is the perfect base for a scenic stay. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Banff Rocky Mountain Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 2,116 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.8Solo 7.8Couples 7.5Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Banff Rocky Mountain Resort All photos (59) Bedroom (11) Living room (9) Building (8) Other (6) Where is Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Most Popular Landmarks Sunshine Village18.2 km Banff Springs Golf Club3.0 km Banff Park Museum3.8 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens4.0 km Upper Hot Springs5.7 km Mount Norquay6.9 km Getting Around Banff Hidden Ridge Way1.5 km Banff Banff Ave2.1 km Banff Marmot Cresent2.1 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn2.9 km Banff Banff, Ab3.4 km Banff Mount Royal3.6 km FAQs when booking at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Is pricing at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? Hotels in Banff that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 165/night, but on average, Banff Rocky Mountain Resort is available for 21% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort for C$ 176/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Banff. Is Banff Rocky Mountain Resort considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort. Is there a pool at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort? Yes, Banff Rocky Mountain Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Banff Rocky Mountain Resort phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 403 762 5531 to talk to a Banff Rocky Mountain Resort front desk representative. Does Banff Rocky Mountain Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Banff Rocky Mountain Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort? Banff Rocky Mountain Resort does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort? Banff Rocky Mountain Resort has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort, Banff? Banff Rocky Mountain Resort room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 176/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 85/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Banff Rocky Mountain Resort for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Banff Rocky Mountain Resort have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Banff Rocky Mountain Resort. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Banff Rocky Mountain Resort from Banff Park Museum? Banff Rocky Mountain Resort is about 3.8 km from Banff Park Museum, one of Banff’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Banff Rocky Mountain Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
