https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Barclay_Hotel.htm
Barclay Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Barclay Hotel Barclay Hotel Hotel 1348 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 3,191 reviews 7.1 C$ 79 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Barclay Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Barclay Hotel Barclay Hotel offers cosy accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 20-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 688 8850 All policies Amenities at Barclay Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Radio Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Minibar Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower TV Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Sofa Alarm clock Private parking CCTV in common areas Show more Activities Beach access Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service 24-hour security Laundry service Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Barclay Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Barclay Hotel The Listel Hotel Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 1300 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Waterfront Station, The Listel Hotel Vancouver offers guests a convenient base while in Vancouver. Guests have access to a swimming pool and a beauty centre. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver 6.8 Good 1431 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is within walking distance of University Canada West and provides free Wi-Fi. Not only does it overlook Robson Street, but it also showcases harbour and city views. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Horizon Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1225 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Commanding views of Stanley Park, Blue Horizon Hotel Vancouver is steps from Vancouver's well-known attractions. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Barclay Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 3,185 verified guest reviews 7.3Solo 6.9Couples 7.0Families 7.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date H 9.1 Excellent heathergeue, Jul. 2018 The Barclay Hotel was excellently located on busy Robson Street in amongst the cafes, eateries, shops etc. Close to bus stops etc. The Hotel desk staff were ex cellent and knew lots of local information we needed to know. They were very helpful whenever we needed something. The room itself was small but well equipped and the bed was very comfortable. Photos of Barclay Hotel All photos (23) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (8) Building (2) Living room (2) Where is Barclay Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.0 km Waterfront Centre1.2 km BC Place Stadium1.7 km Granville Island Public Market1.7 km Rogers Arena1.8 km Stanley Park1.9 km Getting Around Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.2 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.5 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.7 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.7 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St0.9 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.0 km FAQs when booking at Barclay Hotel How close is Barclay Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With no traffic, the 1.1 km drive between Barclay Hotel and Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Barclay Hotel? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Barclay Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Barclay Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Barclay Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. How close is Barclay Hotel from the Vancouver city center? The center of West End, Vancouver, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Barclay Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Barclay Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Barclay Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 688 8850. Does Barclay Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Barclay Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Barclay Hotel? Barclay Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Barclay Hotel, Vancouver? C$ 52 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Barclay Hotel, with average deals around C$ 92 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Barclay Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Barclay Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Barclay Hotel have a laundry service? Barclay Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Barclay Hotel from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at Barclay Hotel - you’ll be about 2.4 km away. Is Barclay Hotel close to Rogers Arena? 1.8 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Barclay Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Barclay Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
