https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Barcelo_Raval.htm
Barceló Raval, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Barceló Raval Barceló Raval Hotel Rambla Del Raval, 17-21, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,359 reviews 8.3 C$ 150 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Barceló Raval Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Barceló Raval Conveniently situated in the heart of Barcelona, Barcelo Raval provides free Wi-Fi in all areas, a sauna and a rooftop pool. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance fro... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 933 201 490 All policies Amenities at Barceló Raval Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Solarium Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Evening entertainment Fitness centre Massage Library Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Barceló Raval Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Barceló Raval Niu Barcelona 8.2 Excellent Rambla Del Raval 8, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Niu Barcelona Hotel provides easy access to Barcelona's main sightseeing and retail areas. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a concierge. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel España Ramblas 8.5 Excellent Carrer de Sant Pau 9-11, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Espana Ramblas offers easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. It also provides a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Ramblas Hotel Powered By Vincci Hoteles 8.3 Excellent Hospital, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Hesperia Barcelona Ramblas offers easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It is close to La Rambla and the Liceu. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Barceló Raval 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 2,358 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.2Friends 8.4Couples 8.4Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Barceló Raval All photos (42) Bedroom (8) Other (7) Outdoors view (4) Balcony (3) Where is Barceló Raval Most Popular Landmarks Sant Pau del Camp0.3 km La Rambla0.4 km Palau Guell0.4 km Cathedral of Barcelona0.8 km L’Aquàrium1.2 km Passeig de Gracia1.6 km Getting Around Barcelona Paral·lel0.5 km Barcelona Comte d'Urgell-Floridablanca0.8 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.9 km Barcelona0.9 km Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.9 km Barcelona Gran Via/Urgell1.0 km FAQs when booking at Barceló Raval Is pricing at Barceló Raval comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? The average rate for a night at Barceló Raval is 20% less than the Barcelona average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Barceló Raval is typically C$ 186, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Barcelona. How close is Barceló Raval to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With a distance of 11.6 km between Barceló Raval and the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 09m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Barceló Raval? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at Barceló Raval where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Barceló Raval? Yes, Barceló Raval has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Barceló Raval from the Barcelona city center? Barceló Raval is just 0.1 km away from the center of El Raval, Barcelona. From Barceló Raval you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Barceló Raval phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 933 201 490. Does Barceló Raval have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Barceló Raval has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Barceló Raval? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Barceló Raval. What is the check-out time at Barceló Raval? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Barceló Raval, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Barceló Raval, Barcelona? C$ 105 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Barceló Raval, with average deals around C$ 186 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Barceló Raval? Yes, food can be ordered from the Barceló Raval restaurant. Opening times may vary. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Barceló Raval have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Barceló Raval, Barcelona. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Barceló Raval from Placa d'Espanya? Barceló Raval is about 1.8 km from Placa d'Espanya, one of Barcelona’s most popular landmarks. Is Barceló Raval close to Passeig de Gracia? If you want to see Passeig de Gracia while visiting Barcelona, Barceló Raval is just 1.6 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Barceló Raval Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
