https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Barefoot_Hostel_Women_Only.htm
Barefoot Hostel, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Barefoot Hostel Barefoot Hostel Hostel 455 Cumberland Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 87 reviews 8.6 C$ 138 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Barefoot Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Barefoot Hostel Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Barefoot Hostel - Women Only provides guests with an ideal base when in Ottawa. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and luggage ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 237 0336 All policies Amenities at Barefoot Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Reading light Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Grill Adults only Fire extinguisher Shampoo Free toiletries Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Socket near the bed Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Garden Storage available Show more Activities Cycling Services Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Barefoot Hostel Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Barefoot Hostel Les Suites Hotel Ottawa 7.9 Good 130 Besserer Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Mackenzie King Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Ottawa 8.8 Excellent 30 Daly Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, Le Germain Hotel Ottawa is surrounded by a variety of clubs and bars and is moments on foot from Laurier Bus Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Ottawa City Centre 8.1 Excellent 33 Nicholas Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel offers modern accommodation in Ottawa and is a two-minute walk from Campus Station. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa 6.8 Good 319 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Ottawa and offers a Jacuzzi. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Barefoot Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 87 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.6Couples 8.3Friends 8.8Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Barefoot Hostel All photos (24) Attractions (6) Bedroom (4) Outdoors view (4) Patio (3) Where is Barefoot Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Ottawa Art Gallery0.3 km Rideau Centre0.4 km Laurier House0.7 km Confederation Park0.7 km Bank Street Promenade1.3 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.3 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.4 km Ottawa 1 George St0.6 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.6 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe1.0 km Ottawa Slater / Bank1.2 km FAQs when booking at Barefoot Hostel Is pricing at Barefoot Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? Hotels in Ottawa that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 124/night, but on average, Barefoot Hostel is available for 29% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Barefoot Hostel for C$ 119/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Ottawa. How close is Barefoot Hostel to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 11.7 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Barefoot Hostel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Barefoot Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Barefoot Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. How close is Barefoot Hostel from the Ottawa city center? Barefoot Hostel is 0.4 km away from the center of Byward Market, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Barefoot Hostel by various forms of transportation. What is the Barefoot Hostel phone number? For questions about Barefoot Hostel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 613 237 0336. Does Barefoot Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Barefoot Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Barefoot Hostel? Barefoot Hostel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Barefoot Hostel, Ottawa? Prices at Barefoot Hostel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 119, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 107. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Barefoot Hostel from Canadian War Museum? You can walk to Canadian War Museum while staying at Barefoot Hostel - you’ll be about 2.6 km away. Is Barefoot Hostel close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Barefoot Hostel is just 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Barefoot Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
