https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Casino_Flamboyan.htm
Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan, Punta Cana | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 La Altagracia Hotels 3,714 Punta Cana Hotels 3,153 Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Hotel Avenida Italia # 1, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic GoodBased on 357 reviews 7.5 C$ 47 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Situated a brief drive from Iberostate Bavaro Golf & Club, Hotel & Casino Flamboyan provides charming accommodation in Punta Cana. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, outdoor ten... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Punta Cana Distance to airport 16.0 km Policies Check-in time 10:00 AM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 809 552 0372 All policies Amenities at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Safety deposit box Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Safe Shared lounge/TV area Shower Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Process in place to check health of guests Dining area Private bathroom Garden Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Night club Storage available Show more Activities Tennis Beach access Golf Windsurfing Snorkeling Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Top Punta Cana hotels Royalton CHIC Punta Cana, An Autograph Collection Resort & Casino – Adults Only 7.8 Good Highway Macao Uvero Alto Beach, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map This Uvero Alto property is on the beach, 5.3 mi (8.5 km) from Macao Beach, and within 12 mi (20 km) of Arena Gorda Beach and Hard Rock Golf Club at Cana Bay. Punta Blanca Golf Course is 12.2 mi (19.6 km) away. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals Bahia Principe Grand Bavaro 7.0 Good 1, Arena Gorda - Macao, Baigüa Section, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map Located in Punta Cana, this beachfront property is in the city center, 0.5 mi (0.8 km) from Arena Gorda Beach, and 1.8 mi (2.9 km) from Hard Rock Golf Club at Cana Bay. Punta Blanca Golf Course is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Majestic Elegance - Punta Cana 8.3 Excellent Playa Bavaro - Punta Cana, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map Located in Punta Cana, this beachfront property is next to a golf course, 0.1 mi (0.1 km) from Arena Gorda Beach, and 1.2 mi (2 km) from Hard Rock Golf Club at Cana Bay. Punta Blanca Golf Course is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Be Live Collection Punta Cana 6.6 Good Carretera Cabeza De Toro 10, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Punta Cana property is within a 10-minute walk of Bavaro Lagoon and Cabeza de Toro Beach. Dolphin Explorer is 0.9 mi (1.5 km) away. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Punta Cana Hotels closest to Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Occidental Punta Cana 7.6 Good España, 3, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 4-star resort is situated in Punta Cana. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals The Reserve at Paradisus Punta Cana Bavaro Beach, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Punta Cana, The Reserve at Paradisus Punta Cana - All Inclusive provides art deco 5-star accommodation, as well as outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also offers a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 1,080 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Bavaro Princess All Suites Resort, Spa & Casino 8.4 Excellent Playas De Bavaro, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Set in Punta Cana, Bavaro Princess All Suites Resort Spa & Casino is an easy drive from Veron and provides an outdoor pool, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site casino and Disco Legacy nightclub. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Caribe Club Princess Beach Resort & Spa 8.4 Excellent Playas de Bavaro, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Caribe Club Princess Beach Resort and Spa-All Inclusive offers an outdoor pool together with a pool-side bar. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts, ensure an enjoyable stay in Punta Cana. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Punta Cana hotels Sweet Home Punta Cana Guest House - Villa Q15a 8.7 Excellent Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Located in Punta Cana, the property is an easy drive from Imagine Punta Cana Disco and Punta Blanca Golf Course. It also offers a concierge, an airport shuttle and a car rental desk. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Plaza Coral 5.6 Okay Carretera Veron Punta Cana Km 40, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Hotel Plaza Coral is located in Punta Cana and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, luggage storage and meeting rooms. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Coral Village - 'Caribbean Cocktails' Deluxe Suites & Pool 8.4 Excellent Calle Noval Corner of Av. Alemania, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Coral Village - Caribbean Cocktails Deluxe Suites & Pool offers 3-star accommodation in Punta Cana. It also provides an outdoor pool, luggage storage and a playground. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Natura Park Beach Eco Resort & Spa Cabeza De Toro, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Featuring a private beach and an outdoor pool, this 4-star resort is located in Punta Cana. It has a fitness centre, as well as a sauna, an all-inclusive meal plan and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Punta Cana Recommended hotels Majestic Mirage Punta Cana 8.5 Excellent Bavaro, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Situated in Punta Cana, the resort is within a 25-minute drive of Punta Cana International Airport and offers a private beach, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, an all-inclusive meal plan and a beauty centre. C$ 457 Avg. per night View Deals Secrets Cap Cana Resort & Spa - Adults Only 9.1 Excellent Punta Cana 51101, Republica Dominicana, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 22.8 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Secrets Cap Cana Resort & Spa - All Inclusive Adults Only is situated in Punta Cana and offers complimentary wireless internet. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 704 Avg. per night View Deals Iberostar Punta Cana 8.1 Excellent Carretera Arena Gorda, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic With its own casino, DC-6 Disco and a luxury spa, this Punta Cana hotel provides a whole host of entertainment options. It offers a private beach, an outdoor pool and complimentary wireless internet. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals Punta Cana Princess - Adults Only 8.3 Excellent Playas De Bavaro, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Situated in Punta Cana, Punta Cana Princess All Suites Resort and Spa - Adults Only - All Inclusive is within a 10-minute drive of Iberostate Bavaro Golf & Club and provides disabled parking. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star resort include a Jacuzzi, an all-inclusive meal plan and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 357 verified guest reviews 7.3Couples 7.7Families 7.5Friends 7.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan All photos (25) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Front desk (2) Where is Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Most Popular Landmarks Catalonia Caribe Golf Club11.1 km Hard Rock Casino Punta Cana6.4 km FAQs when booking at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Is pricing at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan comparable to 3 star hotels in Punta Cana? Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Punta Cana. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 169 per night in Punta Cana. Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan will run you C$ 49 per night, which is 79% cheaper than the Punta Cana average. How close is Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan to the nearest airport, Punta Cana Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Punta Cana Airport, and Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan is 16 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Punta Cana Airport to Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan? Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Punta Cana, renting a car for around C$ 64/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Punta Cana Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Punta Cana Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. What is the Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 809 552 0372. Does Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 10:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan, Punta Cana? Usually Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan room prices are around C$ 49/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 37/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 La Altagracia Hotels 3,714 Punta Cana Hotels 3,153 Bavaro Punta Cana Hotel Flamboyan Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
