https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Baywatch_Lighthouse_Cottages_Studios.htm
Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Cottage Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 122 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Baywatch Lighthouse Cottages & Studios is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, a short drive from Charlottetown and North Rustico. The various facilities this unique property of... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.3 km Rating 10.0 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Terrace/Patio Parking Picnic area Hairdryer Fan Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Grill Microwave Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Kitchen Free toiletries Show more Services Concierge service All amenities Hotels Similar to Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Shaw's Hotel & Cottages 99 Apple Tree Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Set within the picturesque countryside of Brackley Beach, Shaw's Hotel & Cottages offers charming accommodation and a wide range of facilities, such as meeting rooms, a playground and a vending machine. It is steps from the beach and provides comfortable 3-star accommodation. C$ 293 Avg. per night View Deals Northside B&B 4368 Portage Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Situated in Brackley Beach, Northside B&B is an easy drive from Rustico and provides a garden. C$ 574 Avg. per night View Deals Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown 6.9 Good 281 Brackley Point Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from current hotel Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown is situated in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides babysitting/child services, a sauna and meeting rooms. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Sonata Inn 8.9 Excellent 3 Grafton St, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Sonata Inn is situated in Charlottetown and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages All photos (16) Bedroom (4) Kitchen (3) Living room (3) Building (2) Where is Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation19.8 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum20.2 km Prince Edward Island National Park9.5 km FAQs when booking at Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages How close is Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? With a distance of 14.3 km between Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages and the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages? Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Charlottetown, renting a car for around C$ 59/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Charlottetown Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages considered pet-friendly? Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages welcomes most household pets. How close is Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages from the Charlottetown city center? Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages is just 19.3 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages, including Confederation Centre of the Arts, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. Does Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages? Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:00 AM. Does Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages have a laundry service? Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
