https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BcnSportHostels.htm
Bcnsporthostels, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Bcnsporthostels Bcnsporthostels Hostel Carrer Perill, 26, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 3,451 reviews 6.3 C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bcnsporthostels Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Bcnsporthostels This Barcelona hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Diagonal Metro Station. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. BcnSportHostels features a 24-hour reception, plus... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 6.3 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 13.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 933 803 570 All policies Amenities at Bcnsporthostels Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shared kitchen Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa bed CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Solarium Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Aerobics Fitness centre Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Bcnsporthostels Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Bcnsporthostels Generator Barcelona 7.8 Good Carrer de Corsega, 377, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Generator Barcelona provides stylish accommodation in Barcelona and is a short walk from Diagonal Metro Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Yeah Barcelona Hostel 9.1 Excellent Carrer de Girona 176, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Yeah Barcelona Hostel provides a comfortable setting while in Barcelona. It is set amongst a range of nightlife options and is within a 10-minute walk of Diagonal Metro Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Casa Gracia 7.8 Good Passeig de Gracia, 116 Bis, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Gracia, Casa Gracia Barcelona Hostel is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Passeig de Gracia, Casa Lleo Morera and the Casa Batllo. The multiple amenities this modern hostel has to offer include bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Bcnsporthostels 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.3 OkayBased on 3,451 verified guest reviews 6.3Couples 6.5Solo 6.0Friends 6.5Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Bcnsporthostels All photos (27) Bedroom (9) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Hallway (3) Where is Bcnsporthostels Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.8 km Sagrada Familia1.1 km Parc Güell1.8 km La Rambla2.1 km Cathedral of Barcelona2.1 km Palau Guell2.5 km Getting Around Barcelona Diagonal0.4 km Barcelona Gràcia Fgc0.8 km Barcelona El Putxet i el Farró0.9 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.9 km Barcelona Girona0.9 km Barcelona Barcelona Aribau-Còrsega1.0 km FAQs when booking at Bcnsporthostels Is pricing at Bcnsporthostels comparable to 2 star hotels in Barcelona? The average rate for a night at Bcnsporthostels is 58% less than the Barcelona average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Bcnsporthostels is typically C$ 86, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Barcelona. How close is Bcnsporthostels to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? There are 13.2 km between the closest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, and Bcnsporthostels. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Bcnsporthostels? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at Bcnsporthostels where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Bcnsporthostels guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Barcelona. Is there a pool at Bcnsporthostels? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. Bcnsporthostels has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Bcnsporthostels from the Barcelona city center? Bcnsporthostels is 0.7 km away from the center of Gracia, Barcelona. Consider visiting Sagrada Familia, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Bcnsporthostels by various forms of transportation. What is the Bcnsporthostels phone number? The best way to contact Bcnsporthostels is by calling +34 933 803 570. Does Bcnsporthostels have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bcnsporthostels has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Bcnsporthostels? Yes, Bcnsporthostels has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Bcnsporthostels? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Bcnsporthostels, Barcelona? C$ 9 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Bcnsporthostels, with average deals around C$ 86 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Bcnsporthostels? There is a restaurant located in Bcnsporthostels. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hostel also has a bar. Does Bcnsporthostels have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Bcnsporthostels from Placa d'Espanya? The popular Placa d'Espanya is just over 2.9 km from Bcnsporthostels. Is Bcnsporthostels close to Passeig de Gracia? Bcnsporthostels is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Passeig de Gracia, which is 0.8 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Bcnsporthostels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
