https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BED_STATION_Hostel_Khaosan.htm
Bed Station Hostel Khaosan, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Hostel 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 2,011 reviews 8.6 C$ 12 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. BED STATI... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 645 899 581 All policies Amenities at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Non-smoking rooms available Reading light Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Adults only Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Shampoo Shared bathroom Garden view Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Shower Accessible by elevator Inner courtyard view Snack bar Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Lockers Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Pool view Desk Privacy curtain Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Drying rack for clothing Washing machine Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Darts Archery Evening entertainment Gaming console Cooking classes Fitness centre Indoor play area Pool table Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Entertainment staff Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Bed Station Hostel Khaosan ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai 9.7 Excellent 42 Rambuttri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai provides easy access to Bangkok's main retail areas and tourist attractions. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features stylish 3-star rooms and a bar. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Khaosan Green House Hotel 84 Thanon Rambuttri Talad Yod, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Khaosan Green House Hotel allows for easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals D&D Inn Khaosan 6.9 Good 68-70 Khaosan Road, Pranakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, D&D Inn Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's main tourist and retail hot spots. It also provides a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Rambuttri Village Inn & Plaza 7.5 Good 95 Soi Ram Buttri, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Rambuttri Village Inn offers easy access to Bangkok's main retail and sightseeing areas. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.8 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 2,011 verified guest reviews 8.7Solo 8.7Friends 8.7Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San0.2 km Grand Palace1.3 km Gateway Ekamai Mall10.5 km Rajamangala Stadium13.4 km MBK Center3.8 km Siam Square4.2 km Getting Around Bangkok Thai Sriram - Bangkok0.1 km Bangkok Giant Ibis - Bangkok0.2 km Bangkok Tara Tour and Travel - Bangkok0.3 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Khao San0.5 km Bangkok Prachathipatai Road0.7 km Bangkok Any Hotel0.7 km FAQs when booking at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan How close is Bed Station Hostel Khaosan to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 20.6 km between Bed Station Hostel Khaosan and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 16m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Bed Station Hostel Khaosan? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Bed Station Hostel Khaosan considered pet-friendly? Bed Station Hostel Khaosan is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan. Is there a pool at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Bangkok often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Bed Station Hostel Khaosan from the Bangkok city center? Bed Station Hostel Khaosan is 0.2 km away from the center of Khaosan, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Bed Station Hostel Khaosan by various forms of transportation. What is the Bed Station Hostel Khaosan phone number? You can reach the front desk of Bed Station Hostel Khaosan at +66 645 899 581. Does Bed Station Hostel Khaosan have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bed Station Hostel Khaosan has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan. What is the check-out time at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan? Bed Station Hostel Khaosan has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan, Bangkok? Usually Bed Station Hostel Khaosan room prices are around C$ 21/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 9/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan? There is a restaurant located in Bed Station Hostel Khaosan. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Bed Station Hostel Khaosan have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Bed Station Hostel Khaosan. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Bed Station Hostel Khaosan Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
