https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Beloved_Playa_Mujeres_by_Excellence_All_Inclusive_AdultsOnly.htm
Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Resort Lt 34, Mza 1 Condominio Playa Mujeres, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 638 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Situated in Cancun, Beloved Playa Mujeres by Excellence All Inclusive AdultsOnly offers modern 5-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. The various amenities this styli... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.7 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 23.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 872 8730 All policies Amenities at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Disabled Access Beach towels Fan Grill Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Room service Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Hot tub Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Safe Sauna Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Library Eco tourism Bicycle rental Aerobics Fitness centre Services Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa Beauty salon Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and a rooftop terrace, Excellence Playa Mujeres - Adults Only - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection 10.0 Excellent Vialidad Paseo Mujeres Mz 1, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Finest Playa Mujeres by Excellence Group - All inclusive provides a luxury setting while in Cancun. Some of the facilities provided at this 5-star resort are an all-inclusive meal plan, outdoor tennis courts and a rooftop terrace. C$ 603 Avg. per night View Deals Villa del Palmar Cancun Luxury Beach Resort & Spa 7.9 Good Carretera Punta Sam Km. 5.2, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a private beach and a swimming pool, Villa del Palmar Cancun Beach Resort & Spa is located in Cancun and offers comfortable accommodation. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals All Ritmo Cancun Resort & Water Park Km. 1.5 Carretera A Puerto Juarez, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 4.4 km from current hotel All Ritmo Cancun Resort & Water Park provides a modern setting while in Cancun. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and water slides. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review 10.0Couples Traveller type: Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only All photos (42) Other (9) Pool (7) Living room (6) Patio (5) Where is Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas11.9 km Playa Gaviota Azul13.5 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun19.6 km Playa Delfines20.2 km Puerto Cancun9.0 km Getting Around Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort0.4 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor10.2 km Cancún Plaza Nautilus10.5 km Cancún Plaza Terra Viva11.0 km Cancún Ado López Portillo11.5 km Cancún Ultramar Playa Caracol Pier (Hotels Area)13.3 km FAQs when booking at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only How close is Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At just 23.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only is 0h 18m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only? Getting from Cancun Airport to Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Cancún often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only from the Cancún city center? Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only is 10 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. Consider visiting Playa Delfines, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only by various forms of transportation. What is the Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +52 998 872 8730 to talk to a Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only front desk representative. Does Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only? Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only? The standard check-out time at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only, Cancún? Usually Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only room prices are around C$ 684/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 546/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only for opening and last order times. Does Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
