https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Premier_Hotel_Dante.htm
Best Western Premier Hotel Dante, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Hotel Mallorca 181, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,665 reviews 8.7 C$ 110 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also provides a hair salon, valet parking and a coffee bar. This modern hotel off... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.9 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 933 232 254 All policies Amenities at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Casa Kessler Barcelona 10.0 Excellent Enric Granados 30, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Passeig de Gracia Train Station. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Balmes 8.4 Excellent Cl. Mallorca, 216, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a hair salon, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Bcn Urbaness Hotels Gran Rosellon 8.0 Excellent Rosellon 174-176, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Diagonal Metro Station. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Barcelona Apartment Aramunt 7.6 Good Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also provides free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Premier Hotel Dante 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,666 verified guest reviews 8.7Families 8.7Solo 8.6Friends 8.8Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Premier Hotel Dante All photos (43) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.7 km Parc de Joan Miró1.4 km La Rambla1.5 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.7 km Sant Pau del Camp1.8 km Palau Guell1.9 km Getting Around Barcelona Barcelona Aribau-Còrsega0.4 km Barcelona Hospital Clínic0.6 km Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.7 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.8 km Barcelona Gran Via/Urgell0.8 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.8 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Is pricing at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? There is a 34% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Barcelona and the average nightly rate at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante. The rate at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante is just C$ 152/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Barcelona. How close is Best Western Premier Hotel Dante to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At 11.9 km away, Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest airport to Best Western Premier Hotel Dante. The average expected drive time from Best Western Premier Hotel Dante to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Best Western Premier Hotel Dante? Getting from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Best Western Premier Hotel Dante can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 15/day in Barcelona. Luckily, Best Western Premier Hotel Dante has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Best Western Premier Hotel Dante from the Barcelona city center? Best Western Premier Hotel Dante is just 0 km away from the center of L'Antiga Esquerra de l'Eixample, Barcelona. From Best Western Premier Hotel Dante you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Best Western Premier Hotel Dante phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +34 933 232 254 to talk to a Best Western Premier Hotel Dante front desk representative. Does Best Western Premier Hotel Dante have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Premier Hotel Dante has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante, Barcelona? Prices at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 152, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 79. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante? There is a restaurant located in Best Western Premier Hotel Dante. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Best Western Premier Hotel Dante have a laundry service? Best Western Premier Hotel Dante does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Best Western Premier Hotel Dante from Placa d'Espanya? You can walk to Placa d'Espanya while staying at Best Western Premier Hotel Dante - you’ll be about 1.7 km away. Is Best Western Premier Hotel Dante close to Passeig de Gracia? Best Western Premier Hotel Dante is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Passeig de Gracia, which is 0.7 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Best Western Premier Hotel Dante Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
