https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Hotel_Causeway_Bay.htm
Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Hotel 38 Bowrington Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 1,067 reviews 6.1 C$ 51 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay offers 4-star accommodation in Causeway Bay. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a rooftop terrace, a coffee bar and a Jacuzzi. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.6 km Rating 6.1 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 27.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2496 6666 All policies Amenities at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Safety deposit box Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Room service Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Coffee shop Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Spa Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Lanson Place Causeway Bay, Hong Kong 9.7 Excellent 133 Leighton Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Established in 2005, Lanson Place Causeway Bay Hong Kong is situated in Causeway Bay. It provides rooms with free wireless internet and views of the city. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Rosedale Hotel Hong Kong 6.8 Good 8 Shelter Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Rosedale Hotel Hong Kong is situated in Causeway Bay, just 35 minutes from Hong Kong International Airport. It is close to the Hong Kong Central Library, eateries and shops. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Elysion Place Hotel Causeway Bay (Formerly Le Petit Rosedale Hotel) 7.1 Good 7 Moreton Terrace, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Causeway Bay, Elysion Place Hotel Causeway Bay offers modern accommodation with state-of-the-art amenities. It is close to the Hong Kong Central Library, restaurants and shops. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Kew Green Hotel Wanchai Hong Kong 7.9 Good 41-49 Hennessy Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Set amongst a range of popular shops, Kew Green Hotel Wanchai Hong Kong provides 4-star accommodation and is moments on foot from Wan Chai MTR Station. This property is ideally situated in Wan Chai. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.1 OkayBased on 1,067 verified guest reviews 6.5Friends 6.1Couples 6.1Solo 6.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date M 4.1 Mediocre Mah*, Dec. 2019 size of the room. it was a matchbox. Unclean room, dirty carpets, smelly . No upkeep since a decade or so. Photos of Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay All photos (35) Bedroom (13) Balcony (5) Attractions (4) Building (4) Where is Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.2 km Hong Kong Disneyland14.9 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower2.1 km Harbour City2.5 km Hong Kong Central Hospital2.5 km Lan Kwai Fong2.6 km Getting Around Hong Kong Tsuen Wan12.9 km Hong Kong Cz2.0 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station2.5 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station3.1 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Is pricing at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay comparable to 4 star hotels in Hong Kong? Nightly rates at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay will generally be 67% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Hong Kong. When staying at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 57/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Hong Kong for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay from the Hong Kong city center? The center of Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ocean Park, which you can get to from Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay using any means of transportation. What is the Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay please call +852 2496 6666. Does Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay? Yes, there is a gym available to Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay, Hong Kong? Usually Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay room prices are around C$ 57/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 43/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay from Mid-levels Escalators? Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay is a good place to stay to see Mid-levels Escalators. It’s 2.7 km away. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
