https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BEST_WESTERN_PLUS_Hotel_Hong_Kong.htm
Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Hotel 308 Des Voeux Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 760 reviews 7.4 C$ 63 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Featuring views of Victoria Harbour and Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal, BEST WESTERN PLUS Hotel Hong Kong is located near a variety of restaurants and cafés, and treats guests to free Wi-Fi. This prop... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.4 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 22.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 3410 3333 All policies Amenities at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Quiet street view Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Courtyard by Marriott Hong Kong 8.2 Excellent 167 Connaught Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This 4-star hotel is located in Sai Wan, and provides a range of premium amenities including free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. Rooms are air conditioned and internet access is included free of charge. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Grand City Hotel 5.7 Okay 338 Queen's Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Sai Wan hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to St. Paul's College and Hollywood Road Park. It also offers babysitting/child services, a 24-hour reception and a currency exchange. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals JEN Hong Kong by Shangri-La 8.3 Excellent 508 Queen's Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Boasting a popular location, JEN Hong Kong by Shangri-La showcases views of Victoria Harbour, and is a short walk from The University of Hong Kong. This elegant property is ideally situated in Sai Wan. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Hong Kong Harbour View 6.3 Good 239 Queen's Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Ramada Hong Kong Harbour View offers modern accommodation and is within walking distance of Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal. It also provides a free shuttle service, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 760 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 7.3Solo 7.4Couples 8.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date Z 6.7 Okay zc, Dec. 2020 Speedy check in and out.... good！ No towel for bathing.... unacceptable！ Photos of Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong All photos (33) Bedroom (9) Living room (5) Conference room (3) Lobby (3) Where is Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Most Popular Landmarks Soho1.6 km Lan Kwai Fong1.9 km Hong Kong Disneyland10.5 km Hong Kong Central Hospital2.0 km AsiaWorld-Expo20.4 km Tin Shui Wai Park23.4 km Getting Around Hong Kong Cz2.5 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station3.3 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station4.4 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan9.7 km FAQs when booking at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Is pricing at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong comparable to 4 star hotels in Hong Kong? Nightly rates at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong will generally be 62% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Hong Kong. When staying at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 65/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Hong Kong for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong from the Hong Kong city center? Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong is just 0.1 km away from the center of Sai Ying Pun, Hong Kong. From Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ocean Park. What is the Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong phone number? The best way to contact Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong is by calling +852 3410 3333. Does Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong? Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong, Hong Kong? A good deal at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong right now is between C$ 48 and C$ 65 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong, Hong Kong. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong, Hong Kong. How far is Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong from Mid-levels Escalators? You can walk to Mid-levels Escalators while staying at Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong - you’ll be about 1.7 km away. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
