https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Plus_Ottawa_Kanata_Hotel_and_Conference_Centre.htm
Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel 1876 Robertson Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 485 reviews 7.3 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Located in Ottawa, the hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, a ball... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.8 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 828 2741 All policies Amenities at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fireplace Grill Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Indoor pool Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Ottawa West-Nepean, An IHG Hotel 8.2 Excellent 2055 Robertson Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Ottawa and offers an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West 7.4 Good 350 Moodie Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is located in Ottawa and provides a Jacuzzi. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Homestay Chartwell 9.2 Excellent Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 4.5 km from current hotel Homestay Chartwell is situated in Ottawa and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides an airport shuttle. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata 7.4 Good 222 Hearst Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 5.7 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 486 verified guest reviews 7.3Couples 7.4Families 7.0Friends 7.5Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre All photos (57) Bedroom (14) Conference room (7) Bathroom (6) Living room (6) Where is Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Most Popular Landmarks Commissioners Park11.8 km Canadian War Museum12.9 km Lansdowne Park13.6 km Bank Street Promenade14.0 km Canadian Museum of Nature14.1 km Confederation Park14.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Bus Terminal13.3 km Ottawa Central13.4 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon13.8 km Ottawa Kent / Queen13.9 km Ottawa Slater / Bank14.1 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe14.3 km FAQs when booking at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre How close is Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With no traffic, the 11.9 km drive between Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre and Ottawa Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre from the Ottawa city center? Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre is 6.4 km away from the center of Kanata, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian War Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre by various forms of transportation. What is the Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre phone number? You can reach the front desk of Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre at +1 613 828 2741. Does Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre, Ottawa? C$ 96 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre, with average deals around C$ 156 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre? Yes - Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre, Ottawa. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
