https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Chiswick_Palace_Suites_London.htm
Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Hotel 71-73 Chiswick High Road, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 2,559 reviews 8.0 C$ 139 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites London is located in London and offers free Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This modern hotel offers meeting rooms, a... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.8 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 14.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 208 994 1712 All policies Amenities at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Picnic area Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Washing machine Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis London Earls Court 7.3 Good 47 Lillie Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Ibis London Earls Court provides peaceful 3-star accommodation in London. It is situated a brief walk from Earls Court Exhibition Centre. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals K+k Hotel George 8.3 Excellent 1-15 Templeton Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Offering 4-star contemporary accommodation, K+K Hotel George is ideally situated in Central London. It also provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Mayflower Hotel & Apartments 7.3 Good 26-28 Trebovir Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central London, just a short stroll from Earls Court Exhibition Centre. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 2,559 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 8.2Families 8.0Couples 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date A 8.6 Great Anonymous, Dec. 2016 really nice place to stay, walking distance to Turnham Green station for commute to London. Staff were excellent always willing to help with our many questions. The only drawback was street noise as building is located near local police station so their sirens were going off a lot Photos of Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites All photos (34) Bedroom (14) Bathroom (4) Restaurant (4) Outdoors view (3) Where is Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Most Popular Landmarks Borough Market11.3 km London Bridge11.5 km Tower Bridge12.3 km Kensington Gardens5.3 km Hyde Park5.7 km Harrods6.1 km Getting Around London Turnham Green0.3 km London South Acton1.5 km London Hammersmith1.7 km London Gunnersbury1.7 km London Chiswick1.7 km London Southwark10.2 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Is pricing at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites comparable to 3 star hotels in London? Nightly rates at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites will generally be 52% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in London. When staying at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 200/night, which is considered to be a good deal in London for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? The distance between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites is 14.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 11m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites? Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in London, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from London Heathrow Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites from the London city center? Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites is just 1.8 km away from the center of Hammersmith, London. From Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites phone number? You can reach the front desk of Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites at +44 208 994 1712. Does Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites, London? Usually Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites room prices are around C$ 200/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 89/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
