https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Plus_Ottawa_City_Centre.htm
Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Hotel 1274 Carling Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 660 reviews 8.0 C$ 146 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre is located in Ottawa and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a sauna and an outdoor pool. The hotel's rooms are spacious and offer a kitchenette that is eq... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.4 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 8.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 728 1951 All policies Amenities at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa West 4.4 Okay 1376 Carling Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Ottawa, Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa West provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It also offers water slides, an executive floor and free Wi-Fi. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, just a 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt offers 4-star accommodation and free wireless internet. It also provides valet parking, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 661 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 8.0Families 8.0Couples 8.2Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre All photos (56) Bedroom (22) Conference room (4) Kitchen (4) Other (4) Where is Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Most Popular Landmarks Rideau Carleton Raceway14.1 km Bell Sensplex16.9 km Canadian Tire Centre18.0 km Place D'Orleans Shopping Center19.8 km Commissioners Park2.4 km Canadian War Museum3.7 km Getting Around Ottawa Kanata Town Centre15.1 km Ottawa Terry Fox16.0 km Ottawa Orléans19.6 km Ottawa Bus Terminal3.9 km Ottawa Central4.0 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon4.4 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre How close is Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At just 8.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre is 0h 06m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is there a pool at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre? Yes, Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre from the Ottawa city center? Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre is 3 km away from the center of Centretown West, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre by various forms of transportation. What is the Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 728 1951 to talk to a Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre front desk representative. Does Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre? Yes. You should consider staying at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre, Ottawa? Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 138/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 102/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre from Canadian War Museum? Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre is a walkable distance (3.7 km) from Canadian War Museum, Ottawa. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
