https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_PLUS_Inner_Harbour_Hotel.htm
Best Western Plus Inner Harbour, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Hotel 412 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada GoodBased on 521 reviews 7.8 C$ 147 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Situated in Victoria, Best Western PLUS Inner Harbour Hotel is a short walk from British Columbia Parliament Buildings and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is located a short stroll from the R... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 384 5122 All policies Amenities at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Steam room Private parking Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted CD player Toaster Refrigerator Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Best Western Plus Inner Harbour The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Oswego Hotel provides modern 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Scot Hotel & Suites 8.3 Excellent 425 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Royal Scot Hotel & Suites provides modern accommodation in Victoria and is within walking distance of Victoria Railway Station. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria On The Harbour 7.5 Good 427 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria On The Harbour provides a modern setting while in Victoria. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a coffee bar and an outdoor pool. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Huntingdon Manor Hotel 7.7 Good 330 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Huntingdon Manor Hotel is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a kids club. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Plus Inner Harbour 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 521 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 8.0Friends 7.8Solo 7.8Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Plus Inner Harbour All photos (60) Bedroom (16) Living room (6) Bathroom (5) Gym (4) Where is Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Most Popular Landmarks Victoria Harbour0.4 km Open Space Arts Society0.6 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf0.7 km Fisherman's Wharf Park0.7 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.6 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.0 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry0.2 km Victoria Bus Station0.6 km Victoria Douglas at View0.9 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.4 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.9 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.7 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour How close is Best Western Plus Inner Harbour to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 0.4 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Best Western Plus Inner Harbour. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Best Western Plus Inner Harbour? Best Western Plus Inner Harbour has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour? Yes. Many people visiting Victoria look for a hotel with a pool. Best Western Plus Inner Harbour has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Best Western Plus Inner Harbour from the Victoria city center? The center of James Bay, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Best Western Plus Inner Harbour. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from Best Western Plus Inner Harbour using any means of transportation. What is the Best Western Plus Inner Harbour phone number? For questions about Best Western Plus Inner Harbour and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 250 384 5122. Does Best Western Plus Inner Harbour have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Plus Inner Harbour has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour? Yes, there is a gym available to Best Western Plus Inner Harbour guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour, Victoria? Usually Best Western Plus Inner Harbour room prices are around C$ 162/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 112/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Best Western Plus Inner Harbour have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Best Western Plus Inner Harbour. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Best Western Plus Inner Harbour from Emily Carr House? Best Western Plus Inner Harbour is a good place to stay to see Emily Carr House. It’s 0.8 km away. Is Best Western Plus Inner Harbour close to Royal Theatre? Royal Theatre is also a popular place to see in Victoria. It is 0.9 km from Best Western Plus Inner Harbour. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Best Western Plus Inner Harbour Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
