https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Plus_Chateau_Granville_Hotel_Suites_Conference_Centre.htm
Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Hotel 1100 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 695 reviews 8.0 C$ 178 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It is close to Contemporary Art Gallery, shops and nightlife options. There are a v... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 669 7070 All policies Amenities at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Bidet Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good 1110 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as an indoor pool, body treatments and a sauna. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals HI Vancouver Central 1025 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, HI Vancouver Central provides easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 604 Avg. per night View Deals Level Vancouver - Yaletown Seymour 8.6 Excellent 1022 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, LEVEL Furnished Living Yaletown-Seymour provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ambassador 1212 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an on-site bar, this central Vancouver hostel is located just a short stroll from the Orpheum and Contemporary Art Gallery. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 695 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 8.3Couples 7.9Solo 8.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre All photos (47) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (6) Other (4) Room amenity (4) Where is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.8 km BC Place Stadium0.9 km False Creek0.9 km Granville Island Public Market1.0 km Rogers Arena1.2 km Waterfront Centre1.3 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.8 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.9 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.3 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre How close is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 1.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre considered pet-friendly? Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre welcomes most household pets. How close is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre from the Vancouver city center? Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre is just 0.3 km away from the center of Yaletown, Vancouver. From Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre phone number? For questions about Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 669 7070. Does Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre? Yes, Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre, Vancouver? C$ 113 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre, with average deals around C$ 188 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre? Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 1.6 km away from Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre. Is Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre close to Rogers Arena? Walking distance - there’s 1.2 km between Rogers Arena and Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
