https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Plus_Casino_Royale_On_The_Strip.htm
Best Western Plus Casino Royale, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Best Western Plus Casino Royale Best Western Plus Casino Royale Hotel 3411 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 3,654 reviews 7.8 C$ 171 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Plus Casino Royale Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Plus Casino Royale Located in Las Vegas, Best Western Plus Casino Royale - On The Strip offers modern 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. It is situated a short stroll from The Mirage, The C... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.8 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Las Vegas Henderson Sky Harbor Distance to airport 16.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 737 3500 All policies Amenities at Best Western Plus Casino Royale Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Garage Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Plus Casino Royale Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Best Western Plus Casino Royale The Mirage Hotel and Casino 7.9 Good 3400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting a lava-flowing volcano, an aquarium and a dolphin habitat, The Mirage is ideal for those seeking a unique stay in Las Vegas. Guests also have exclusive access to the casino and 1 OAK nightclub. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel With its very own casino, Tao and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel offers a host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Harrah's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.7 Good 3475 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Harrah's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a swimming pool, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals The LINQ Hotel & Casino 6.9 Good 3535 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel With its very own casino, The Karaoke and a state-of-the-art spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel provides a host of entertainment options. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Plus Casino Royale 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 3,654 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 7.8Solo 7.9Friends 7.9Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Plus Casino Royale All photos (25) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (3) Bar (2) Living room (2) Where is Best Western Plus Casino Royale Most Popular Landmarks High Roller0.5 km Fountains of Bellagio0.9 km Crystals at City Center1.4 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.8 km TPC Summerlin13.9 km T-Mobile Arena2.1 km Getting Around Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd0.1 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel0.2 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip0.4 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel0.8 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.9 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd14.9 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Plus Casino Royale How close is Best Western Plus Casino Royale to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 4.4 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to Best Western Plus Casino Royale. The average expected drive time from Best Western Plus Casino Royale to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 03m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Best Western Plus Casino Royale? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Best Western Plus Casino Royale where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Best Western Plus Casino Royale? Yes, Best Western Plus Casino Royale has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Best Western Plus Casino Royale from the Las Vegas city center? Best Western Plus Casino Royale is just 0.8 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From Best Western Plus Casino Royale you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the Best Western Plus Casino Royale phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 737 3500 to talk to a Best Western Plus Casino Royale front desk representative. Does Best Western Plus Casino Royale have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Plus Casino Royale has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Plus Casino Royale? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Best Western Plus Casino Royale. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Casino Royale? The standard check-out time at Best Western Plus Casino Royale is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Plus Casino Royale, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 265 per night to stay at Best Western Plus Casino Royale. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 116 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Plus Casino Royale? Best Western Plus Casino Royale does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Best Western Plus Casino Royale have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Best Western Plus Casino Royale. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Best Western Plus Casino Royale from Fountains of Bellagio? Best Western Plus Casino Royale is about 0.9 km from Fountains of Bellagio, one of Las Vegas’s most popular landmarks. Is Best Western Plus Casino Royale close to Thomas and Mack Center? The distance from Best Western Plus Casino Royale to Thomas and Mack Center is 3.1 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Best Western Plus Casino Royale Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
