https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Plus_Montreal_Downtown_Hotel_Europa.htm
Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Hotel 1240 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,746 reviews 7.3 C$ 131 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. It is moments from Bell Centre, restaurants and nightlife options. There are a rang... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 866 6492 All policies Amenities at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Gift shop Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Novotel Montreal Centre 8.2 Excellent 1180 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Novotel Montreal Center allows for easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1201 Boulevard Rene-Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main tourist and retail hot spots. The multiple amenities this modern hotel features include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals Vogue Hotel Montreal Downtown, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.8 Excellent 1425 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Vogue Hotel Montreal Downtown offers easy access to Montreal's best tourist attractions. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 451 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering a saltwater pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Le Crystal Montreal is in a convenient location close to Bell Centre and Le Windsor. This property is ideally located in Downtown Montreal. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 1,746 verified guest reviews 7.1Families 7.4Solo 7.4Friends 7.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa All photos (55) Bedroom (20) Bathroom (11) Conference room (5) Gym (3) Where is Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell0.4 km Place Ville-Marie0.5 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.5 km Eaton Centre0.6 km Place Bonaventure0.7 km Christ Church Cathedral0.7 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.6 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.6 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.2 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.4 km Montreal Bus2.2 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.4 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa How close is Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With a distance of 14.4 km between Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa and the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa from the Montreal city center? The center of Golden Square Mile, Montreal, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa using any means of transportation. What is the Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa phone number? The best way to contact Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa is by calling +1 514 866 6492. Does Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa? The standard check-out time at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa, Montreal? Prices at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 152, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 88. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa, Montreal. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa from Vieux-Port de Montréal? The popular Vieux-Port de Montréal is just over 1.8 km from Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa. Is Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa close to Centre Bell? Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
