https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BEST_WESTERN_PLUS_Carlton_Plaza_Hotel.htm
Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Hotel 642 Johnson Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 745 reviews 8.1 C$ 112 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is a historic setting while in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. Only a short stroll from BC Ferries, it provides comfortable rooms equip... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 86.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 388 5513 All policies Amenities at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Hotel Rialto 8.3 Excellent 653 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This historic hotel is situated close to Victoria City Hall in Victoria. It is steps from Chinatown, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals The Bedford Regency Hotel 7.3 Good 1140 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of popular tourist hot spots, shops and dining options, The Bedford Regency Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also offers a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Swans Brewery, Pub and Hotel 7.8 Good 506 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Swans Brewery Pub & Hotel is located in Victoria and features free Wi-Fi. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Chinatown and Victoria City Hall. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Victoria 516 Yates Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, the hotel is a comfortable base in Victoria. It is surrounded by a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 745 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.0Families 8.0Solo 8.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel All photos (27) Restaurant (8) Bedroom (7) Building (2) Kitchen (2) Where is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre0.6 km Victoria Harbour0.7 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.4 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.4 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.3 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at View0.2 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery0.5 km Victoria Bus Station0.8 km Victoria Ferry0.9 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.1 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.0 km FAQs when booking at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel How close is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 0.6 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel considered pet-friendly? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel. How close is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel from the Victoria city center? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel is 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 250 388 5513. Does Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel. What is the check-out time at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel, Victoria? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 144/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 83/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel? Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel does have a restaurant. Does Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel from Emily Carr House? You can walk to Emily Carr House while staying at Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel - you’ll be about 1.5 km away. Is Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel close to Royal Theatre? Walking distance - there’s 0.5 km between Royal Theatre and Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
