https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Blackcomb_Lodge.htm
Blackcomb Lodge, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Blackcomb Lodge Blackcomb Lodge Hotel 4220 Gateway Drive, Whistler, BC, Canada GoodBased on 510 reviews 7.3 C$ 221 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Blackcomb Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Blackcomb Lodge The Blackcomb Lodge is situated in Whistler and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. The hotel has a fitness centre with a swimmin... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 932 4155 All policies Amenities at Blackcomb Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Horse riding Pay-per-view channels Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski equipment rental (on site) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Ski storage Conference rooms Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Blackcomb Lodge Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Blackcomb Lodge Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive 7.8 Good 4250 Village Stroll, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, shops and restaurants, Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive is ideal for those wanting to discover Whistler and its surroundings. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Village Inn And Suites 7.7 Good 4429 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub 8.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub provides a comfortable setting when in Whistler. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals Alpine Lodge Whistler 10.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Alpine Lodge Whistler is located in Whistler and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features room service, a sauna and massage services. C$ 3,200 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Blackcomb Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 510 verified guest reviews 6.9Solo 7.5Friends 7.3Couples 7.4Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Blackcomb Lodge All photos (34) Bedroom (8) Building (5) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Where is Blackcomb Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.3 km Whistler Marketplace0.5 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.1 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.1 km Nita Lake3.3 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.1 km Whistler Village3.3 km FAQs when booking at Blackcomb Lodge Is pricing at Blackcomb Lodge comparable to 3 star hotels in Whistler? There is a 32% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Whistler and the average nightly rate at Blackcomb Lodge. The rate at Blackcomb Lodge is just C$ 438/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Whistler. Is there a pool at Blackcomb Lodge? Yes, Blackcomb Lodge has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Blackcomb Lodge phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 932 4155 to talk to a Blackcomb Lodge front desk representative. Does Blackcomb Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Blackcomb Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Blackcomb Lodge? Yes. You should consider staying at Blackcomb Lodge if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Blackcomb Lodge? Blackcomb Lodge has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Blackcomb Lodge, Whistler? A good deal at Blackcomb Lodge right now is between C$ 164 and C$ 438 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Blackcomb Lodge? Yes, food can be ordered from the Blackcomb Lodge restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Blackcomb Lodge have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Blackcomb Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
