https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Bleury_Furnished_Apartments_by_Hometrotting.htm
Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Hotel 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada C$ 33 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Mon... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 556 7368 All policies Amenities at Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Air-conditioned All amenities Hotels Similar to Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Hotel Le Dauphin Montreal Centre Ville 8.8 Excellent 1025, Rue De Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Le Dauphin Montreal Centre-Ville allows for easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It is situated a brief stroll from Montreal's Underground City and Bank of Montreal. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Monville 8.5 Excellent 1041, Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Hotel Monville provides easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief stroll from Saint Laurent Boulevard, Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Montreal 8.4 Excellent 360 Saint Antoine Street Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is situated in Montreal and features a saltwater swimming pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness room. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal 7.6 Good 208 Saint Antoine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from Bank of Montreal and Place d'Armes. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Chez Jean 4136 Henri Julien, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Situated within walking distance of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge Chez Jean provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It is located in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.5 km Place Ville-Marie0.6 km Place Bonaventure0.6 km Christ Church Cathedral0.6 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.7 km Eaton Centre0.7 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.3 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.5 km Montreal Central0.6 km Montreal Bus1.3 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.6 km Montreal Kirkland23.6 km FAQs when booking at Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting How close is Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At 15.4 km away, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is the closest airport to Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting. The average expected drive time from Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting from the Montreal city center? Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting is just 0.4 km away from the center of Ville-Marie, Montreal. From Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting phone number? The best way to contact Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting is by calling +1 514 556 7368. Does Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How far is Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting is about 0.7 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting close to Centre Bell? 1.1 km - making Centre Bell a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
