https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Blue_Moon_Motel_Niagara_Falls_City.htm
Blue Moon Motel, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Blue Moon Motel Blue Moon Motel Motel 8445 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 394 reviews 8.4 C$ 71 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Blue Moon Motel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Blue Moon Motel This comfortable motel in Niagara Falls City offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also features a playground, an express check-in and check-out feature ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.5 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 2:30 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 356 0652 All policies Amenities at Blue Moon Motel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Hairdryer Family rooms Fireplace Tea/coffee maker Grill Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Telephone Seating area Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Minibar Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Dining area Private bathroom Garden Outdoor pool Kitchen Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Activities Playground Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Blue Moon Motel Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Blue Moon Motel Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa 7.7 Good 8444 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa is located in Niagara Falls City and offers water slides and an indoor pool. The multiple amenities this unique resort has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and a kids pool. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Star Inn by Elevate Rooms 8.2 Excellent 8627 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Star Inn by Elevate Rooms is within a 20-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Tropicana Inn 6.0 Good 8674 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Tropicana Inn Niagara Falls City provides cosy accommodation in Niagara Falls City. It also features a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Space Motel 8618 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Space Motel is located in Niagara Falls City and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. The motel offers an outdoor pool, as well as rooms with private terraces. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Blue Moon Motel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 394 verified guest reviews 8.7Solo 8.2Friends 8.5Families 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Blue Moon Motel All photos (49) Bedroom (18) Room amenity (9) Outdoors view (6) Bathroom (5) Where is Blue Moon Motel Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort4.9 km Skylon Tower4.9 km Niagara Falls Tower4.9 km Queen Victoria Park5.0 km Niagara SkyWheel5.2 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark5.5 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW2.9 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino4.9 km Niagara Falls Table Rock5.0 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara5.4 km Niagara Falls6.6 km FAQs when booking at Blue Moon Motel Is pricing at Blue Moon Motel comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? In Niagara Falls, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 97. The expected nightly rate for Blue Moon Motel is around C$ 69; a price that is 47% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Blue Moon Motel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at Blue Moon Motel? Yes. Many people visiting Niagara Falls look for a hotel with a pool. Blue Moon Motel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Blue Moon Motel from the Niagara Falls city center? Blue Moon Motel is 5.1 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Skylon Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Blue Moon Motel by various forms of transportation. What is the Blue Moon Motel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Blue Moon Motel at +1 905 356 0652. Does Blue Moon Motel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Blue Moon Motel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Blue Moon Motel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Blue Moon Motel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Blue Moon Motel, Niagara Falls? Prices at Blue Moon Motel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 69, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 59. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Blue Moon Motel have a laundry service? Blue Moon Motel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Blue Moon Motel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
