https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Blue_Moon_Boutique_Hotel.htm
Blue Moon Boutique Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Hotel 100 Orchard Street, New York, NY, United States C$ 335 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. This modern hotel provides a tour de... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 11.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 533 9080 All policies Amenities at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Hairdryer Coffee shop Cable or satellite TV Elevator Garden Air-conditioned Minibar Refrigerator Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Hotel on Rivington 7.6 Good 107 Rivington Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Canal Loft Hotel 6.9 Good 94 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel 7.7 Good 370 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It features air-conditioned rooms with iPod docking stations, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District 8.0 Excellent 320 Pearl Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, meeting rooms and valet parking. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Blue Moon Boutique Hotel All photos (7) Bedroom (4) Building (1) Living room (1) Room amenity (1) Where is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Williamsburg Bridge1.5 km Webster Hall1.5 km Citi Field12.9 km Yankee Stadium13.5 km Gramercy Park2.1 km One World Trade Center2.1 km Getting Around New York Allen St & Delancey St0.1 km New York 19 Allen St0.4 km New York 47 Chrystie St0.5 km New York 103 Canal St0.5 km New York 3 Allen St0.5 km New York 95 Canal St0.5 km FAQs when booking at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Is pricing at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 583. The expected nightly rate for Blue Moon Boutique Hotel is around C$ 532; a price that is 32% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Blue Moon Boutique Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in New York. How close is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Blue Moon Boutique Hotel is 19.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 15m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Blue Moon Boutique Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel considered pet-friendly? Blue Moon Boutique Hotel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel. How close is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel from the New York city center? Blue Moon Boutique Hotel is 0.4 km away from the center of Bowery, New York. Consider visiting Rockefeller Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Blue Moon Boutique Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Blue Moon Boutique Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Blue Moon Boutique Hotel at +1 212 533 9080. Does Blue Moon Boutique Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Blue Moon Boutique Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel, New York? C$ 155 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Blue Moon Boutique Hotel, with average deals around C$ 532 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. How far is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel from Madison Square Garden? Blue Moon Boutique Hotel is a good place to stay to see Madison Square Garden. It’s 3.5 km away. Is Blue Moon Boutique Hotel close to Empire State Building? 3.3 km - making Empire State Building a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Blue Moon Boutique Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Blue Moon Boutique Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
