https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/BLVD_Hotel_Suites_Walking_Distance_to_Hollywood_Walk_of_Fame.htm
Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Hotel 2010 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 1,075 reviews 6.1 C$ 184 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Set in Hollywood, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Hollywood and Highland Center. It also offers private parking on site and is a short drive from Universal Stud... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 6.1 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 19.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 874 4300 All policies Amenities at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Soundproof rooms Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,561 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 435 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 370 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Loews Hollywood Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1755 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is conveniently positioned in Hollywood and provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop pool. Just a short stroll from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it offers trendy rooms equipped with an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a coffee maker. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Drive Hostel 8.4 Excellent 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Awesome Stay In Hollywood Blvd Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, The Awesome Hollywood Stay is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood Boulevard, the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Avalon Hollywood. It also features free Wi-Fi. C$ 878 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.1 OkayBased on 1,075 verified guest reviews 6.2Couples 6.6Friends 6.0Families 6.5Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date A 8.0 Great Anonymous, Jan. 2019 Not that far from Street of Fame but still not very convenient location for sightseeing. But the staffs were very kind, room was clean. L 9.2 Excellent Lun, Apr. 2018 The staff are friendly. Excellent location with budget. The sound proof of room is not good. Photos of Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame All photos (39) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (4) Building (3) Bar (2) Where is Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.6 km Hollywood Boulevard0.7 km Hollywood and Vine1.1 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.5 km Little Tokyo11.0 km California Science Center11.2 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.0 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.7 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.9 km Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.7 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.5 km Los Angeles University of Southern California10.5 km FAQs when booking at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Is pricing at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame will generally be 50% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 196/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 19.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 28/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is there a pool at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame? Yes. Many people visiting Los Angeles look for a hotel with a pool. Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame from the Los Angeles city center? Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame is 1.8 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame by various forms of transportation. What is the Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame please call +1 323 874 4300. Does Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame, Los Angeles? C$ 103 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame, with average deals around C$ 196 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. How far is Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles is 0.6 km away from Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame. Is Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame close to Hollywood Boulevard? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between Hollywood Boulevard and Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
