https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Boston_Homestel.htm
Boston Homestel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Boston Homestel Boston Homestel Hostel 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 337 reviews 7.1 C$ 72 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Boston Homestel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Boston Homestel Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. Boston Homestel has 2 comfortable rooms that are ideal for backpackers on... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.5 km Rating 7.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 588 0063 All policies Amenities at Boston Homestel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Heating Shower Parking Lockers Linens Interconnected room(s) available Socket near the bed Toilet Toilet paper Private parking Shared bathroom Show more Activities Board games/puzzles All amenities Hotels Similar to Boston Homestel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Boston Homestel Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside 7.6 Good 240 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside offers modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from JFK-UMass MBTA Subway Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Boston 8.0 Excellent 69 Boston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express Boston provides a comfortable setting while in Boston. It features a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Boston Hotel 891 Massachusetts Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Best Western PLUS Boston Hotel provides unique accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from Massachusetts Avenue Bus Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and an executive floor. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Quarters on DOT by Thatch 5.8 Okay Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Quarters on DOT by Short Term Rentals Boston is situated in Boston and features complimentary wireless internet. It provides a shared kitchen, and is a brief stroll from Dorchester Heights. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Boston Homestel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 337 verified guest reviews 7.3Solo 7.2Friends 7.2Families 6.2Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Boston Homestel Most Popular Landmarks Copley Place3.6 km Prudential Center3.7 km Museum of Fine Arts3.8 km Boston Common4.0 km Quincy Market4.4 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace4.4 km Getting Around Boston 262 Harrison Ave3.1 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave3.4 km Boston Back Bay3.4 km Boston South Station3.5 km Boston 85 Bedford St3.7 km Boston Park Plaza3.7 km FAQs when booking at Boston Homestel Is pricing at Boston Homestel comparable to 1 star hotels in Boston? Nightly rates at Boston Homestel will generally be 54% cheaper than the average 1-star hotel in Boston. When staying at Boston Homestel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 87/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Boston for a 1-star hotel. How close is Boston Homestel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 6.3 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Boston Homestel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Boston Homestel? For the most freedom while visiting Boston, consider renting a car for about C$ 60/day and parking it at Boston Homestel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Boston Homestel considered pet-friendly? Boston Homestel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Boston Homestel. How close is Boston Homestel from the Boston city center? Boston Homestel is 2 km away from the center of South Boston, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Science, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Boston Homestel by various forms of transportation. What is the Boston Homestel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Boston Homestel please call +1 617 588 0063. Does Boston Homestel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Boston Homestel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Boston Homestel? Boston Homestel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Boston Homestel, Boston? Usually Boston Homestel room prices are around C$ 87/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 61/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is Boston Homestel from Museum of Fine Arts? The popular Museum of Fine Arts is just over 3.8 km from Boston Homestel. Is Boston Homestel close to Boston Public Library? Boston Public Library is also a popular place to see in Boston. It is 3.8 km from Boston Homestel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Boston Homestel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
