https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Boston_Marriott_Copley_Place.htm
Boston Marriott Copley Place, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Boston Marriott Copley Place Boston Marriott Copley Place Hotel 110 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,429 reviews 8.3 C$ 258 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Boston Marriott Copley Place Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Boston Marriott Copley Place Situated in Boston, this 4-star property is unique and contemporary. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. Boston Marriott Copley Place has a gym with a swimming pool. Couple... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 236 5800 All policies Amenities at Boston Marriott Copley Place Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Raised toilet River view Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Horse riding Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Bowling Hiking Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Boston Marriott Copley Place Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Boston Marriott Copley Place Copley Square Hotel 7.5 Good 47 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Copley Square Hotel provides a unique setting when in Boston. It is a stone's throw from Copley Square and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square 8.3 Excellent 88 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Commanding views of Back Bay, Courtyard Boston Copley Square is near Boston's well-known attractions. The various amenities this charming hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, a beauty centre and valet parking. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Copley Place, Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering a bowling alley, the hotel is located in Boston and is a five-minute walk from Copley Square, Prudential Center and the Boston Public Library. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals The Lenox 9.1 Excellent 61 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is located minutes from the Boston Public Library in Boston. Only a short walk from Hynes Convention Center, it offers trendy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a refrigerator and an iPod docking station. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Boston Marriott Copley Place 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,429 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.4Families 8.0Solo 8.2Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Boston Marriott Copley Place All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Conference room (5) Outdoors view (5) Living room (4) Where is Boston Marriott Copley Place Most Popular Landmarks Copley Place0.0 km Prudential Center0.2 km Boston Common1.4 km Fenway Park1.5 km Museum of Fine Arts1.5 km Quincy Market2.5 km Getting Around Boston Back Bay0.3 km Boston 39 Dalton Street0.5 km Boston Park Plaza1.0 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.4 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.5 km Boston 85 Bedford St1.7 km FAQs when booking at Boston Marriott Copley Place How close is Boston Marriott Copley Place to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 6.2 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Boston Marriott Copley Place. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Boston Marriott Copley Place? Boston Marriott Copley Place has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Boston Marriott Copley Place? Yes. Many people visiting Boston look for a hotel with a pool. Boston Marriott Copley Place has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Boston Marriott Copley Place from the Boston city center? Boston Marriott Copley Place is just 0.3 km away from the center of Back Bay, Boston. From Boston Marriott Copley Place you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the Boston Marriott Copley Place phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 617 236 5800. Does Boston Marriott Copley Place have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Boston Marriott Copley Place has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Boston Marriott Copley Place? Yes, there is a gym available to Boston Marriott Copley Place guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Boston Marriott Copley Place? The standard check-out time at Boston Marriott Copley Place is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Boston Marriott Copley Place, Boston? Boston Marriott Copley Place room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 282/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 192/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Boston Marriott Copley Place? Boston Marriott Copley Place does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Boston Marriott Copley Place have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Boston Marriott Copley Place, Boston. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Boston Marriott Copley Place from Museum of Science? Boston Marriott Copley Place is about 2.4 km from Museum of Science, one of Boston’s most popular landmarks. Is Boston Marriott Copley Place close to New England Aquarium? Walking distance - there’s 2.8 km between New England Aquarium and Boston Marriott Copley Place. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Boston Marriott Copley Place Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
