https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Botel.htm
Botel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Botel Botel Hotel Ndsm Pier 3, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands GoodBased on 5,436 reviews 7.4 C$ 44 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Botel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Botel Botel is located in Amsterdam and features free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. It offers 3-star accommodation and views of the river. This modern hotel provides a laundry service, a 24-hour rec... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.1 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 13.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 206 264 247 All policies Amenities at Botel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor River view Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Cycling Pool table Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Botel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Botel Sir Adam Hotel 8.8 Excellent Overhoeksplein 7, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Sir Adam Hotel is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Clinknoord Hostel 8.1 Excellent Badhuiskade 3, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Centraal Railway Station, ClinkNOORD provides guests with a convenient base when in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Bunk Hotel Amsterdam 8.4 Excellent Hagedoornplein 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel BUNK Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam and is close to Dam Square. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Amsterdam Centre 7.6 Good Stationsplein 49, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, ibis Amsterdam Centre provides easy access to Amsterdam's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The various facilities this modern hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and a coffee bar. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Botel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 5,436 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 7.5Couples 7.2Solo 7.4Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Botel All photos (30) Bedroom (12) Other (5) Bathroom (4) Outdoors view (3) Where is Botel Most Popular Landmarks Westerpark1.8 km Anne Frank Huis2.9 km Royal Palace Amsterdam3.1 km NEMO3.4 km Rijksmuseum4.6 km Heineken Experience4.8 km Getting Around Amsterdam Zaanstraat1.6 km Amsterdam Ijdok1.8 km Amsterdam Cateringweg10.5 km Amsterdam Bijlmer ArenA10.6 km Amsterdam Hoogoorddreef10.8 km Amsterdam Bijlmer10.8 km FAQs when booking at Botel Is pricing at Botel comparable to 3 star hotels in Amsterdam? The average rate for a night at Botel is 69% less than the Amsterdam average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Botel is typically C$ 109, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Amsterdam. How close is Botel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 13.3 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to Botel. The average expected drive time from Botel to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 10m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Botel? Botel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Amsterdam, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Botel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Botel from the Amsterdam city center? Botel is 0.2 km away from the center of Buiksloterham, Amsterdam. Consider visiting Van Gogh Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Botel by various forms of transportation. What is the Botel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Botel at +31 206 264 247. Does Botel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Botel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Botel? The standard check-out time at Botel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Botel, Amsterdam? A good deal at Botel right now is between C$ 27 and C$ 109 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Botel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Botel for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Botel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Botel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Botel from Anne Frank Huis? Botel is a walkable distance (2.9 km) from Anne Frank Huis, Amsterdam. Is Botel close to Westergasfabriek? The distance from Botel to Westergasfabriek is 1.9 km. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Botel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
