https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Bow_View_Lodge.htm
Bow View Lodge, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Bow View Lodge Bow View Lodge Hotel 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 995 reviews 7.2 C$ 102 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Bow View Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Bow View Lodge Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2261 All policies Amenities at Bow View Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit located on ground floor River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Allergy-free room No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Mountain view Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Eco tourism Bicycle rental Golf Canoeing Skiing Ice skating Horse riding Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Ski pass vendor Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Shuttle service (additional charge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Bow View Lodge Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Bow View Lodge Banff Park Lodge 7.9 Good 222 Lynx Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Banff Park Lodge is an easy drive from Canmore and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is an excellent base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Brewster's Mountain Lodge 8.3 Excellent 208 Caribou Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals King Edward Hotel 137 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel King Edward Hotel Banff provides a comfortable setting when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals Mount Royal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 138 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful retreat. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Bow View Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 995 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 6.9Couples 7.2Families 7.2Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date N 10.0 Excellent Nadezhda , Sep. 2017 It was a very nice experience staying at Bow View Lodge. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly and willing to enhance the whole experience of exploring Banff. Photos of Bow View Lodge All photos (31) Bedroom (7) Outdoors view (5) Living room (4) Attractions (3) Where is Bow View Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.6 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens0.9 km Sunshine Village14.6 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.7 km Upper Hot Springs3.2 km Mount Norquay4.8 km Getting Around Banff Banff, Ab0.4 km Banff Mount Royal0.4 km Banff Luxton Museum South0.7 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.8 km Banff Ywca0.8 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge1.2 km FAQs when booking at Bow View Lodge Is pricing at Bow View Lodge comparable to 2 star hotels in Banff? Nightly rates at Bow View Lodge will generally be 14% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Banff. When staying at Bow View Lodge, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 142/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Banff for a 2-stars hotel. What is the Bow View Lodge phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Bow View Lodge please call +1 403 762 2261. Does Bow View Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Bow View Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Bow View Lodge? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Bow View Lodge, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Bow View Lodge, Banff? Usually Bow View Lodge room prices are around C$ 142/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 73/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Bow View Lodge? There is a restaurant located in Bow View Lodge. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Bow View Lodge have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Bow View Lodge that can be used by guests. How far is Bow View Lodge from Banff Park Museum? Bow View Lodge is a walkable distance (0.6 km) from Banff Park Museum, Banff. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Bow View Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
