https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Breathtaking_1BR_Stunning_View_Parking.htm
Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Condo Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 135 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Breathtaking 1BR -Stunning View-Parking is located in Toronto and is close to CN Tower. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. Breathtaking 1BR... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Hotels Similar to Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Hotel X Toronto by Library Hotel Collection 8.8 Excellent 111 Princes' Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Hotel X Toronto by Library Hotel Collection provides a luxury setting while in Toronto. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a kids club and an outdoor pool. C$ 476 Avg. per night View Deals The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals The Alexandra Hotel 6.7 Good 77 Ryerson Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, The Alexandra Hotel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking All photos (1) Living room (1) Where is Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Most Popular Landmarks Ricoh Coliseum0.7 km BMO Field1.1 km Rogers Centre1.4 km CN Tower1.6 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada1.7 km Yorkdale Shopping Centre10.5 km Getting Around Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.4 km Toronto Weston11.1 km Toronto Conistion Rd12.9 km Toronto Downsview Park14.2 km Toronto Bishop Avenue16.1 km Toronto York University17.0 km FAQs when booking at Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking How close is Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 17.8 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking. The average expected drive time from Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 13m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking from the Toronto city center? Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking is 0.3 km away from the center of Niagara, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking by various forms of transportation. Does Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking? Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How far is Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking from Rogers Centre? Rogers Centre in Toronto is 1.4 km away from Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking. Is Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking close to Royal Ontario Museum? The distance from Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking to Royal Ontario Museum is 3.5 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
