https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Brentwood_Bay_Resort_Spa.htm
Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Hotel 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 442 reviews 8.9 C$ 256 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool.... More Good to Know To Downtown 18.2 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 8.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 544 2079 All policies Amenities at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill Adults only Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine DVD player Show more Activities Eco tourism Fishing Golf Canoeing Scuba diving Diving Fitness centre Water sport facilities (on site) Hiking Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Misty Meadows B&B 9.6 Excellent 2627 Bukin Drive East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 8.9 km from current hotel Misty Meadows B&B is located in Highlands and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides a tour desk, a terrace and a garden. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria 7.5 Good 1999 Country Club Way, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 12.2 km from current hotel The Westin Bear Mountain Victoria Golf Resort & Spa is situated on Vancouver Island and offers 4-star facilities as well as a rooftop terrace, outdoor tennis courts and an indoor pool. It also features a sauna, a swimming pool and a fitness centre. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Victoria Gateway 7.7 Good 829 McCallum Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 13.6 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Four Points by Sheraton Victoria Gateway provides contemporary rooms. This contemporary hotel also offers a bowling alley, and is an easy drive from Victoria and Saanich. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Solo Suites 8.2 Excellent Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 14.7 km from current hotel Located in Langford, SoLo Suites is an easy drive from BC Ferries and offers free public parking on site. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 442 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 9.0Couples 8.5Friends 8.8Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Other (11) Outdoors view (6) Bathroom (5) Where is Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Bear Mountain Golf Club12.6 km Gorge Vale Golf Course15.7 km Hatley Castle15.9 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre17.9 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf18.2 km Victoria Harbour18.3 km Getting Around Victoria Saanich at Blanshard15.1 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson16.2 km Victoria Douglas at Kings17.2 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery17.7 km Victoria Douglas at View18.4 km Victoria Ferry18.5 km FAQs when booking at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa How close is Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? At 18.4 km away, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport is the closest airport to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa. The average expected drive time from Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa to Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. Is Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa? Yes, Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa from the Victoria city center? Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is 13 km away from the center of Saanich, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa by various forms of transportation. What is the Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa phone number? The best way to contact Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is by calling +1 250 544 2079. Does Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa? Yes, there is a gym available to Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa? Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa, Victoria? Prices at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 375, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 163. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
