https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Britannia_International_Hotel_Canary_Wharf.htm
Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Hotel Marsh Wall, London, United Kingdom OkayBased on 13,889 reviews 5.9 C$ 123 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf provides a modern setting when in London. It has a gym, as well as an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. There are a variety of facilities availabl... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.0 km Rating 5.9 Nearest airport London City Distance to airport 5.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 871 222 0042 All policies Amenities at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Novotel London Greenwich 7.3 Good 173-185 Greenwich High Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel This modern London hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Deptford Bridge DLR Station. It is located a brief walk from the Cutty Sark and the National Maritime Museum. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals The Tower Hotel 7.9 Good St Katharine's Way, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Aldgate Bus Station, The Tower Hotel London provides guests with an ideal base while visiting London. It presents views of the Tower Bridge, and overlooks the city. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals ibis London City - Shoreditch 8.0 Excellent 5 Commercial Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Ibis London City - Shoreditch offers modern accommodation in London and is within a 20-minute walk of Liverpool Street Station. The numerous amenities this stylish hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel London Tower Bridge 8.6 Excellent 10 Pepys Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Situated in London, Novotel London Tower Bridge is within walking distance of the Tower Bridge and offers a Turkish steam bath and a sauna. It is located a short walk from Tower of London. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.9 PassableBased on 13,889 verified guest reviews 6.0Couples 5.7Solo 5.8Friends 5.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf All photos (49) Bedroom (15) Restaurant (8) Lobby (6) Building (5) Where is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Most Popular Landmarks Hyde Park10.3 km Kensington Gardens10.7 km Tower Bridge3.6 km London Bridge4.5 km Borough Market4.6 km London Eye6.6 km Getting Around London Canary Wharf0.5 km London Limehouse1.7 km London North Greenwich1.8 km London Canada Water1.9 km London Harringay10.1 km London Crouch Hill10.1 km FAQs when booking at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Is pricing at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf comparable to 4 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 418. The expected nightly rate for Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf is around C$ 154; a price that is 73% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in London. How close is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 30.1 km between Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 23m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf? Getting from London Heathrow Airport to Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in London. Luckily, Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf from the London city center? Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf is just 0.4 km away from the center of Canary Wharf, London. From Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Wembley Stadium. What is the Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf phone number? For questions about Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +44 871 222 0042. Does Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf? Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf, London? A good deal at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf right now is between C$ 77 and C$ 154 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf? Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf from Tower Bridge? Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Tower Bridge, London. Is Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf close to The O2 Arena? The O2 Arena is also a popular place to see in London. It is 1.8 km from Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
