https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Buffalo_Mountain_Lodge.htm
Buffalo Mountain Lodge, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Buffalo Mountain Lodge Buffalo Mountain Lodge Hotel 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,216 reviews 7.9 C$ 178 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Buffalo Mountain Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Buffalo Mountain Lodge Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 107.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2400 All policies Amenities at Buffalo Mountain Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fireplace Seating area Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Blu-ray player Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Hiking Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Buffalo Mountain Lodge Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Buffalo Mountain Lodge Tunnel Mountain Resort 8.5 Excellent 502 Tunnel Mountain Road, Box 1137, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Tunnel Mountain Resort is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. With views of Canadian Rockies, the resort also provides premium amenities, such as an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Fir Resort & Chalets 7.4 Good Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Banff provides free Wi-Fi, as well as a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. It is the perfect base for those looking to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Inns of Banff 600 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Inns of Banff offers a comfortable setting in Banff and has a swimming pool, free wireless internet and complimentary private parking on-site. It is the perfect base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 684 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Voyager Inn 3.8 Mediocre 555 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Opened in 1964, Banff Voyager Inn is situated in Banff and provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It is ideal for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 414 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Located in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a relaxing retreat. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Buffalo Mountain Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,217 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.8Families 7.8Solo 8.0Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Buffalo Mountain Lodge All photos (49) Bedroom (9) Building (9) Other (7) Bathroom (4) Where is Buffalo Mountain Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Banff Springs Golf Club1.6 km Banff Park Museum1.8 km Sunshine Village16.5 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens2.0 km Upper Hot Springs3.7 km Mount Norquay6.1 km Getting Around Banff Banff Ave0.3 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.4 km Banff Hidden Ridge Way0.5 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn1.1 km Banff Mount Royal1.6 km Banff Banff, Ab1.7 km FAQs when booking at Buffalo Mountain Lodge What is the Buffalo Mountain Lodge phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 403 762 2400 to talk to a Buffalo Mountain Lodge front desk representative. Does Buffalo Mountain Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Buffalo Mountain Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Buffalo Mountain Lodge? Yes, Buffalo Mountain Lodge has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Buffalo Mountain Lodge? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Buffalo Mountain Lodge. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Buffalo Mountain Lodge, Banff? A good deal at Buffalo Mountain Lodge right now is between C$ 87 and C$ 249 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Buffalo Mountain Lodge? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Buffalo Mountain Lodge for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Buffalo Mountain Lodge have a laundry service? Buffalo Mountain Lodge does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Buffalo Mountain Lodge from Banff Park Museum? Buffalo Mountain Lodge is a good place to stay to see Banff Park Museum. It’s 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Buffalo Mountain Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
