https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Butterfly_Manor.htm
Butterfly Manor, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Butterfly Manor Butterfly Manor Bed & Breakfast 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 319 reviews 9.7 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Butterfly Manor Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Butterfly Manor Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 9.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 358 8988 All policies Amenities at Butterfly Manor Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Quiet street view Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor River view Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Cribs available Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Microwave Interconnected room(s) available CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Garden Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Daily housekeeping Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Butterfly Manor Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Butterfly Manor Niagara's Emerald Falls Bed & Breakfast 4291 Simcoe Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Niagara Transportation Centre, Niagara's Emerald Falls Bed & Breakfast provides guests with a convenient base when in Niagara Falls City. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Hostelling International Niagara Falls 4549 Cataract Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated only a short walk from Niagara Transportation Centre, Hostelling International Niagara Falls offers guests a convenient base when in Niagara Falls City. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Niagara Falls by the River 6.4 Good 4357 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, just a short walk from Niagara Transportation Centre, Ramada by Wyndham Niagara Falls by the River provides 3-star accommodation and free wireless internet. It boasts views of Niagara River, and offers an indoor pool. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Stone Mill Inn 8.9 Excellent 271 Merritt Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Stone Mill Inn offers 3-star accommodation in Saint Catharines. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a laundry service and a lift. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals The Rex Motel 10.0 Excellent 6247 McLeod Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada The Rex Motel At Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and offers free Wi-Fi. The multiple amenities this charming motel features include a tour desk, on-site parking and a laundry service. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Butterfly Manor 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.7 ExcellentBased on 318 verified guest reviews 9.7Couples 9.7Families 9.6Friends 9.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Butterfly Manor All photos (27) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (4) Other (3) Building (2) Where is Butterfly Manor Most Popular Landmarks Bird Kingdom1.2 km Rainbow Bridge1.3 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.4 km Casino Niagara1.4 km Rainbow Tower1.4 km Great Wolf Lodge Water Park1.6 km Getting Around Niagara Falls0.6 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.4 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino2.8 km Niagara Falls Table Rock3.1 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW5.8 km FAQs when booking at Butterfly Manor Is pricing at Butterfly Manor comparable to 3 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Butterfly Manor is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Niagara Falls. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 137 per night in Niagara Falls. Butterfly Manor will run you C$ 121 per night, which is 35% cheaper than the Niagara Falls average. How close is Butterfly Manor from the Niagara Falls city center? Butterfly Manor is 2.4 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Marineland, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Butterfly Manor by various forms of transportation. What is the Butterfly Manor phone number? The best way to contact Butterfly Manor is by calling +1 905 358 8988. Does Butterfly Manor have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Butterfly Manor has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Butterfly Manor? Yes. You should consider staying at Butterfly Manor if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Butterfly Manor? Butterfly Manor check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Butterfly Manor, Niagara Falls? On average, guests have been paying C$ 121 per night to stay at Butterfly Manor. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 81 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Butterfly Manor from Skylon Tower? Butterfly Manor is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 2.4 km away. Is Butterfly Manor close to Niagara Falls Tower? Niagara Falls Tower is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 2.3 km from Butterfly Manor. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Butterfly Manor Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
