https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/CN_Backpackers_Hostel_Vancouver.htm
C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Hostel 927 Main Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada C$ 68 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Situated just a brief walk from Pacific Central Station, C&N Backpackers Hostel Vancouver provides guests with a convenient base when in Vancouver. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Nearest airport Vancouver Coal Harbour Distance to airport 1.9 km Policies Check-in time 8:00 AM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 682 2441 All policies Amenities at C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Laundry facilities Free parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Storage available Services Ticket service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver C & N Backpackers Hostel - Central Station 1038 Main Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located only a five-minute stroll from Pacific Central Station, C&N Backpackers Central Station offers guests a convenient base when visiting Vancouver. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Budget Inn Patricia Hotel 4.9 Okay 403 Hastings St E, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located a short drive from Stanley Park, Budget Inn Patricia Hotel provides traditional accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown 6.8 Good 180 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Centrally located, Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Centre offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, JW Marriott Parq Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main tourist attractions. This luxury hotel is a convenient base for exploring local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver All photos (8) Living room (3) Dining room (3) Bathroom (1) Kitchen (1) Where is C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks TELUS World of Science0.4 km Science World at TELUS World of Science0.4 km Rogers Arena0.7 km BC Place Stadium0.9 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.5 km Waterfront Centre1.5 km Getting Around Vancouver Pacific Central Station0.3 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.0 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.3 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.8 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station1.8 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.9 km FAQs when booking at C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver How close is C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 1.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver is just 0.9 km away from the center of Gastown, Vancouver. From C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver phone number? For questions about C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 682 2441. Does C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver? C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Does C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 0.4 km away from C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver. Is C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? Rogers Arena is also a popular place to see in Vancouver. It is 0.7 km from C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 C&n Backpackers Hostel - Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
