https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Calgary-vacation-rentals.htm
Calgary, Canada Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Calgary, Canada Search and compare Calgary, Canada vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Calgary, AB, Canada 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Calgary, AB, Canada Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Vacation Rentals 824 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Calgary Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Zen Lofts Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Zen Lofts Calgary is set in Calgary and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as St. Mary's Cathedral. It also offers free Wi-Fi. View Deals All 1,132 vacation rentals in Calgary Tips for booking vacation rentals in Calgary Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: May Average price in Calgary: C$ 140/night Cheapest price found: C$ 37/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 41 - C$ 327 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 66 - C$ 149 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Calgary, Canada Show all 1,132 hotels Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Suite Digs N3 Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Suite Digs - N3 is situated in Calgary and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Brother Li Homestay 9.2 Excellent Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.9 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located in Calgary, Brother Li Homestay is within a 15-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a Jacuzzi. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Monki Di Executive Suites - Alura 8.8 Excellent Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of 3 Street Southeast Station, Monki Di Executive Suites - Alura provides guests with an ideal base when in Calgary. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Superb 3br Mins To Dt Sait Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Superb 3BR mins to DT SAIT Prince's Island Park by Prowess is located in Calgary and features free wireless internet. It is also a short car trip from Calgary Zoo and Downtown Calgary. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Monki-Di Executive Suites - First Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Monki Di Executive Suites - First is located in Calgary and offers free Wi-Fi. The property is also ideally situated within a five-minute walk of 3 Street Southeast Station. C$ 216 Avg. per night View Deals Corporate Suites Of Calgary - Eightwelve Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Corporate Suites of Calgary offers guests an ideal base while in Calgary. It also provides a terrace, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 350 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Suites - Riverfront Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Regal Suites is set in Calgary and is a short walk from 3 Street Southeast Station. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Calgary 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Calgary Cozy Home 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada 8.8 C$ 56 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Calgary Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Show more Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Whistler Show more Facts about staying in Calgary How much does a vacation rental in Calgary cost? Calgary vacation rentals are C$ 140/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Calgary, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 39/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 132/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Calgary Airport? It’s only 8.8 km from Calgary Airport to Element On First By MV (the nearest Calgary vacation rental to the airport). What part of Calgary is best to stay in? Beltline is the best part of Calgary to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Calgary vacation rentals, 36% of them looked for stays in the Beltline neighbourhood in the last year. The Monki Di Executive Suites - Alura happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Beltline neighbourhood of Calgary. Are there any Motel vacation rentals in Calgary? Yes, there are 12 Motel vacation rentals in Calgary. According to our data, Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station is currently the most popular Motel rental in the city. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Vacation Rentals 824 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
