https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Calgary_Marriott_Downtown_Hotel.htm
Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Hotel 110 9th Avenue SE, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 410 reviews 8.4 C$ 221 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southeast Station, Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calgary. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 9.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 266 7331 All policies Amenities at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Kid-friendly Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fishing Golf Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Bowling Videogames Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Hotel Le Germain Calgary provides a luxury setting while in Calgary. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna and massage services. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Calgary, The Fairmont Palliser features a sauna, a hot tub and a swimming pool, and is moments from Calgary Tower. There is also a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment, a steam room and a swimming pool. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Calgary 8.7 Excellent 700 Centre Street Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Hyatt Regency Calgary is located in Calgary and provides modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arts 8.1 Excellent 119 12th Avenue Sw, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hotel Arts is set in Calgary and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including Calgary Tower and the Glenbow Museum. It offers an outdoor pool and a day spa. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 410 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 8.5Solo 8.2Families 8.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (8) Conference room (7) Bathroom (6) Restaurant (6) Where is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Calgary Tower0.1 km Olympic Plaza0.3 km Central Memorial Park0.7 km Downtown Calgary0.8 km Eau Claire Market Mall0.9 km Stampede Corral Arena1.0 km Getting Around Calgary 205 9 Ave SE0.2 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn0.7 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne1.1 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station10.1 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino12.0 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills18.3 km FAQs when booking at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel How close is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? At 9.5 km away, Calgary Airport is the closest airport to Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel. The average expected drive time from Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel to Calgary Airport is 0h 07m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Calgary Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel. Is there a pool at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Calgary look for a hotel with a pool. Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel from the Calgary city center? Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel is 0.6 km away from the center of Downtown, Calgary. Consider visiting McMahon Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel at +1 403 266 7331. Does Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel? Yes, Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel, Calgary? C$ 147 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel, with average deals around C$ 257 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel? Yes - Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel from Calgary Tower? The popular Calgary Tower is just over 0.1 km from Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel. Is Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel close to Stampede Park? Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Stampede Park, which is 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
