https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Calgary_Star_Cozy_Home.htm
Calgary Star Cozy Home, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Star Cozy Home Calgary Star Cozy Home Guest house 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada GoodBased on 92 reviews 6.7 C$ 50 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Calgary Star Cozy Home Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Calgary Star Cozy Home Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.2 km Rating 6.7 Policies Check-in time 5:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 587 719 4181 All policies Amenities at Calgary Star Cozy Home Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Free toiletries Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Landmark view Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Towels Seating area Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shared toilet Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Washing machine Show more Activities Golf Kids' outdoor play equipment Mini-golf Public bath Hiking Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service All amenities Hotels Similar to Calgary Star Cozy Home Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Calgary Star Cozy Home Executive Residency by Best Western Calgary City View North 8.6 Excellent 9665 Aurora Park Link NE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Executive Residency by Best Western Calgary City View North is situated in Calgary and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport 8.5 Excellent 57 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located moments from Calgary International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Calgary. It also provides meeting rooms, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Park Inn by Radisson, Calgary Airport North, AB 8.7 Excellent 27 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Calgary, just minutes from Calgary International Airport. It offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a swimming pool. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North 8.0 Excellent 147 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North provides direct access to Calgary International Airport and offers an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It also features an airport shuttle, laundry facilities and meeting rooms. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Calgary Star Cozy Home 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 92 verified guest reviews 6.2Couples 6.9Solo 7.5Friends 6.5Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Calgary Star Cozy Home Most Popular Landmarks Calgary Zoo10.1 km Bowness Park10.3 km Stampede Park10.5 km Scotiabank Saddledome10.5 km Stampede Corral Arena10.5 km Canada Olympic Park10.9 km Getting Around Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills10.1 km Calgary Westbrook Mall10.6 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne10.9 km Calgary Roadking Travel Centre14.3 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station19.6 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino21.3 km FAQs when booking at Calgary Star Cozy Home How close is Calgary Star Cozy Home to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Calgary Star Cozy Home is 4.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Calgary Star Cozy Home? Calgary Star Cozy Home has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Calgary, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Calgary Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Calgary Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Calgary Star Cozy Home from the Calgary city center? Calgary Star Cozy Home is 8.5 km away from the center of Eau Claire, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Calgary Star Cozy Home by various forms of transportation. What is the Calgary Star Cozy Home phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 587 719 4181 to talk to a Calgary Star Cozy Home front desk representative. Does Calgary Star Cozy Home have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Calgary Star Cozy Home has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Calgary Star Cozy Home? Calgary Star Cozy Home check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Calgary Star Cozy Home, Calgary? Calgary Star Cozy Home room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 69/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 39/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Calgary Star Cozy Home have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Calgary Star Cozy Home, Calgary. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Calgary Star Cozy Home Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
