https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Cambridge_Massachusetts-vacation-rentals.htm
Cambridge, Massachusetts Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Cambridge, MA Search and compare Cambridge, MA vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Cambridge, MA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Cambridge, MA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Cambridge Hotels 246 Cambridge Vacation Rentals 187 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Cambridge Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: October Average price in Cambridge: C$ 324/night Cheapest price found: C$ 80/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 81 - C$ 688 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 168 - C$ 778 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Cambridge, Massachusetts Show all 246 hotels Large Private Room Close To Fenway,bc,bu,publict 10.0 Excellent Brookline, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Brookline, MA, United States Large Private Room with Shared Bathroom Close to Fenway Boston College/University provides a comfortable setting when in Boston. It offers a terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature, and is a short walk from Boston University School of Theology and Beacon Street. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Cambridge 3 stars #1 Most popular Colorful 1BR in North End by Sonder N Margin St Stillman St, Boston, MA, United States C$ 201 View Deal #2 Most popular Global Luxury Suites at West End 175 Blossom Street, Boston, MA, United States C$ 161 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Cambridge Vacation rentals in popular Massachusetts cities Boston Cambridge Provincetown Brookline Hyannis Salem Eastham Plymouth Edgartown North Truro Show more Hotels in popular Massachusetts cities Boston Provincetown Andover Brookline Medford Chelsea Peabody West Springfield Natick Hyannis Show more Facts about staying in Cambridge How much does a vacation rental in Cambridge cost? Cambridge vacation rentals are C$ 325/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, May is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Cambridge, and January is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 81/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 255/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Cambridge vacation rental? 304 Newbury Street by Thatch has a 7.7 rating from 49 users, making it the best Cambridge vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Boston Logan Intl Airport? It’s only 5.0 km from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Global Luxury Suites at West End (the nearest Cambridge vacation rental to the airport). What part of Cambridge is best to stay in? Downtown is the best part of Cambridge to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Cambridge vacation rentals, 94% of them looked for stays in the Downtown neighbourhood in the last year. The Temple Place Suites happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Downtown neighbourhood of Cambridge. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Cambridge near Harvard University? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Harvard University while in Cambridge, then the most popular is 304 Newbury Street by Thatch with a 7.7/10 review score from 49 users. The distance from Harvard University to 304 Newbury Street by Thatch is 4.1 km. Are there any Guest house vacation rentals in Cambridge? Yes, there are 4 Guest house vacation rentals in Cambridge. According to our data, Bedrooms near Fenway & Downtown Boston is currently the most popular Guest house rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Cambridge Hotels 246 Cambridge Vacation Rentals 187 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
