https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Kyriad_Hotel_Paris_Bercy_Village.htm
Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Hotel 17 Rue Baron Le Roy, Paris, France GoodBased on 5,230 reviews 7.9 C$ 119 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Kyriad Hotel Paris Bercy Village is located in Paris and is close to Seine. The numerous facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include a coffee bar, meeting rooms and an express check-in and chec... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.0 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 12.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 44 67 75 75 All policies Amenities at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Ibis Styles Paris Bercy 7.5 Good 77 rue de Bercy, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated just a few steps from Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy, this modern hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and a hair salon. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Appart'city Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque 7.1 Good 70 Avenue De France, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Appart'City Confort Paris Grande Bibliotheque offers modern 4-star accommodation in Paris. Only a short stroll from Diderot University, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a kitchenette, a refrigerator and a private balcony. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV 7.8 Good 2 place Louis Armand, Paris, France Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is a modern setting while visiting Paris and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Adagio access Paris Reuilly 8.2 Excellent 13 Rue De Reuilly, Paris, France Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Ideally located in Paris, the property offers modern accommodation an easy drive from the Musee du Louvre and Notre Dame de Paris. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 5,230 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.8Families 8.0Friends 7.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 5.8 Passable Anonymous, Nov. 2018 I booked a single room and made a business trip. The check-in staff ridiculed me that it was fun to come to Paris alone. Service of check-in staff was very bad. I do not want to visit again. M 9.5 Excellent Mary, Mar. 2017 Great location near the metro station and not far from Lyon Railway Station. The place is not crowdy and safe. The hotel has great breakfasts, the rooms are clean and comfortable, equipped with a safe. The drawbacks were that our room lacked refrigerator and it was kinda stuffy. Photos of Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Bar (8) Restaurant (6) Building (5) Where is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Most Popular Landmarks Bercy Village0.2 km AccorHotels Arena0.8 km Roland Garros Stadium10.4 km Pantheon3.3 km Notre Dame3.4 km Centre Pompidou3.8 km Getting Around Paris Terroir de France0.4 km Paris Bercy Bourgogne - Pays d'Auvergne0.5 km Paris Bercy Seine0.5 km Paris Ministère Des Finances P.O.P.B.0.9 km Paris Porte de Charenton0.9 km Paris Bibliothèque François Mitterrand1.0 km FAQs when booking at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Is pricing at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? There is a 46% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Paris and the average nightly rate at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village. The rate at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village is just C$ 165/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Paris. How close is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With no traffic, the 23 km drive between Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village? For the most freedom while visiting Paris, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village considered pet-friendly? Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village welcomes most household pets. How close is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village from the Paris city center? Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village is just 0.2 km away from the center of Bercy, Paris. From Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Champs-Elysées. What is the Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village phone number? You can reach the front desk of Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village at +33 1 44 67 75 75. Does Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village? Yes, there is a gym available to Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village, Paris? Usually Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village room prices are around C$ 165/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 57/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. How far is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village from AccorHotels Arena? Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from AccorHotels Arena, Paris. Is Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village close to Conciergerie? Conciergerie is also a popular place to see in Paris. It is 3.9 km from Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Campanile Hotel Paris Bercy Village Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
