https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Canad_Inns_Destination_Centre_Windsor_Park.htm
Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park, Winnipeg | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Manitoba Hotels 860 Winnipeg Hotels 484 Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Hotel 1034 Elizabeth Road, Winnipeg, MB, Canada GoodBased on 379 reviews 7.2 C$ 103 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park provides a comfortable setting when in Winnipeg. It also offers a Jacuzzi, water slides and an indoor pool. There are a variety of amenities on offe... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.9 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Winnipeg Distance to airport 12.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 204 253 2641 All policies Amenities at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Seating area Shampoo Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Microwave Additional toilet Alarm clock Sofa bed Baby safety gates Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Water slide Show more Activities Casino Board games/puzzles Golf Darts Evening entertainment Fitness centre Water park Pool table Water sport facilities (on site) Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Top Winnipeg hotels The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel by Lakeview 8.7 Excellent 1979 Wellington Avenue, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel is a - 101 room full service corporate luxury boutique hotel. It is located less than 100 feet from the front doors of the James Armstrong Richardson International Airport. The hotel features many exciting amenities not seen at any hotel in the city of Winnipeg. These include an iPad placed in each guest room. Utilizing a customized application from Guest-Tek you will be able to order room service, control the TV & PVR service, request Items; extra towels or a wake-up call, read on-line the Winnipeg Free Press and Globe & Mail. Enjoy your favourite Starbuck beverage right in our lobby - featuring the world's first automated Barista, proudly serving Starbucks coffee, espresso, cappuccinos and other hot beverages in an efficient manner. A large video wall greets you right at the hotel front desk! The on-site Blue Marble Restaurant & Lounge - located off the lobby of the hotel serves a tapas style menu plus several contemporary items. Select a wine from our walk in wine cellar offering 700 bottles located right at the restaurant entrance. We offer self-park and valet service in a four story parkade located directly behind the hotel, a state of the art fitness room and a full business centre. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Winnipeg 8.3 Excellent 350 St Mary Avenue, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of downtown Winnipeg, Delta Hotels Winnipeg provides nothing short of streamlined, comfortable accommodations. Attached to the RBC Convention Centre, moments away from Canada Life Centre, and the University of Winnipeg, our hotel makes it easy to access the most popular locations in downtown Winnipeg. Spend your free time shopping at Polo Park, or feed your love of the arts at the Royal Winnipeg Ballet. Wake up and visit our coffee house, Urban Bean, for a fluffy pastry and signature Starbucks® drink. Then, Blaze Restaurant & Lounge serves hearty Canadian meals and cocktails. When you are ready for a workout, our hotel offers cardio equipment and weights in the 24-hr fitness center. End your day of excitement in our rooms and suites boasting pillowtop beds, free high-speed Wi-Fi, wall-mounted TVs (chrome cast), large ergonomic work desks and breathtaking views of downtown Winnipeg. Delta Hotels Winnipeg will exceed your expectations and open the door to what Canada has in store for you. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals The Fairmont Winnipeg 7.6 Good 2 Lombard Place, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map Welcome to Fairmont Winnipeg at the historic Portage and Main intersection. The best of the city is within easy reach: landmarks such as Old Market Square, Canadian Museum for Human Rights, Union Station and the Esplanade Riel Footbridge. An underground concourse gives you quick access to RBC Convention Centre, Bell MTS Place and shops, all in climate-controlled comfort. For more than 50 years, this luxury hotel has been setting the standard for hospitality in downtown Winnipeg. Discover the difference. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Luxury Furnished Suites by Edison Properties 85 Garry Street, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map Luxury Furnished Suites by Edison Properties is located amongst Winnipeg's popular shops and boutiques, just a brief stroll from Union Railway Station. Some of the facilities provided at this 4-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. Guests of Luxury Furnished Suites by Edison Properties can treat themselves with a range of relaxing spa treatments, such as massages and facials. A lift is also offered at the hotel. Luxury Furnished Suites by Edison Properties has 2 well-appointed rooms that are equipped with a range of essential facilities to ensure guests have an enjoyable stay. The hotel is conveniently located for discovering Winnipeg with The Forks National Historic Site and Manitoba Theatre for Young People within a 10-minute walk. Fort Garry and Winnipeg Railway Museum are also all a short stroll away. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Winnipeg Hotels closest to Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg East 7.5 Good 20 Alpine Ave, St Annes Road, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg East is situated in Winnipeg and provides an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also features meeting rooms, a kids pool and a sauna. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Super 8 by Wyndham Winnipeg East MB 8.6 Excellent 1485 Niakwa Road East, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Winnipeg East MB is located in Winnipeg and offers a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also provides a 24-hour reception, a concierge and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Canad Inns Destination Centre Club Regent Casino Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1415 Regent Avenue West, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Canad Inns Destination Centre Club Regent Casino Hotel is a comfortable base while visiting Winnipeg and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Norwood Hotel 7.3 Good 112 Marion Street, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Union Railway Station, Norwood Hotel Winnipeg offers guests a convenient base while in Winnipeg. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Winnipeg hotels Winnipeg Homestay 6.2 Good Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 9.0 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Winnipeg Homestay offers a comfortable setting when in Winnipeg. It also features a tour desk and room service. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals The Marlborough Hotel 2.6 Mediocre 331 Smith Street, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Located in Winnipeg, The Marlborough Hotel is within walking distance of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Winnipeg Holiday 6.6 Good 146 Maryland Street, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Winnipeg Holiday is a comfortable base when in Winnipeg and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is located a short walk from the Cornish Library, the Shaarey Zedek Synagogue and the Maryland Bridge. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals The Cavalier Inn 4.3 Okay 1650 Regent Avenue, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Boasting a swimming pool, The Cavalier Inn is located in Winnipeg and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers a 24-hour reception and a vending machine. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Winnipeg Recommended hotels Clarion Hotel & Suites 7.8 Good 1445 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Situated in Winnipeg, Clarion Hotel & Suites Winnipeg is within walking distance of Polo Park and offers an indoor pool and a bowling alley. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, water slides and massage services. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Alt Hotel Winnipeg 8.6 Excellent 310 Donald Street, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Alt Hotel Winnipeg is a charming base while visiting Winnipeg and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is located a short walk from Portage Place, the Canadian Museum for Human Rights and RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Inn At The Forks 8.2 Excellent 75 Forks Market Road, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Inn at the Forks is located in Winnipeg and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn and Suites Winnipeg Airport, Manitoba 7.8 Good 695 Berry St, Winnipeg, MB, Canada Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Winnipeg, MB, Canada The hotel provides modern accommodation in Winnipeg and is within a 20-minute walk of Winnipeg Bus Terminal. It also features an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and water slides. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 379 verified guest reviews 6.6Friends 7.5Couples 7.3Solo 7.1Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park All photos (38) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (4) Pool (4) Lobby (3) Where is Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Most Popular Landmarks Assiniboine Park Zoo12.0 km Historical Museum of St. James15.5 km Assiniboia Downs18.1 km Red River Exhibition Park18.1 km Club Regent Casino3.5 km Manitoba Children's Museum4.4 km Getting Around Winnipeg Southbound Lakewood at Southdale Centre1.9 km Winnipeg Domo Bus Shuttle Stop11.3 km Winnipeg Winnipeg, Mb11.5 km Winnipeg Union Station4.9 km Winnipeg Fort Rouge Station5.3 km Winnipeg Balmoral Station6.2 km FAQs when booking at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Is pricing at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park comparable to 3 star hotels in Winnipeg? In Winnipeg, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 160. The expected nightly rate for Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park is around C$ 107; a price that is 50% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Winnipeg. How close is Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park to the nearest airport, Winnipeg Airport? With a distance of 12.2 km between Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park and the nearest airport, Winnipeg Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 09m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Winnipeg Airport to Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park? For the most freedom while visiting Winnipeg, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Winnipeg. Is Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park. Is there a pool at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park? Yes. Many people visiting Winnipeg look for a hotel with a pool. Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park from the Winnipeg city center? Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park is just 4.9 km away from the center of Winnipeg. You can easily get to other landmarks from Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park, including Royal Winnipeg Ballet, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 204 253 2641. Does Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park? The standard check-out time at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park, Winnipeg? Prices at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 107, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 73. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park? Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Manitoba Hotels 860 Winnipeg Hotels 484 Canad Inns Destination Centre Windsor Park Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
