https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Canal_Loft_Hotel.htm
Canal Loft Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Canal Loft Hotel Canal Loft Hotel Hotel 94 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 651 reviews 6.9 C$ 89 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Canal Loft Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Canal Loft Hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. There are a v... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.7 km Rating 6.9 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 646 882 0428 All policies Amenities at Canal Loft Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking ATM on-site Bathtub Disabled Access Hairdryer Linens Fire extinguisher Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Toilet paper Shared bathroom Safe Smoke alarms Iron and ironing board TV Parking (surcharge) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Key card access CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Canal Loft Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 409 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 810 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 668 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 356 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Canal Loft Hotel Blue Moon Boutique Hotel 100 Orchard Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel on Rivington 7.7 Good 107 Rivington Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District 8.0 Excellent 320 Pearl Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, meeting rooms and valet parking. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel 7.7 Good 370 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It features air-conditioned rooms with iPod docking stations, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 395 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Canal Loft Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.9 OkayBased on 651 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 6.8Solo 6.3Friends 7.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Canal Loft Hotel All photos (50) Bedroom (23) Bathroom (7) Front desk (5) Lounge (4) Where is Canal Loft Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Wall Street1.7 km One World Trade Center1.7 km Williamsburg Bridge1.8 km Webster Hall1.9 km Citi Field13.3 km Yankee Stadium13.9 km Getting Around New York 95 Canal St0.0 km New York 47 Chrystie St0.1 km New York 103 Canal St0.1 km New York 3 Allen St0.1 km New York 19 Allen St0.1 km New York 87 Division St0.1 km FAQs when booking at Canal Loft Hotel Is pricing at Canal Loft Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in New York? The average rate for a night at Canal Loft Hotel is 60% less than the New York average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Canal Loft Hotel is typically C$ 137, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in New York. How close is Canal Loft Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With a distance of 20 km between Canal Loft Hotel and the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 15m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Canal Loft Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Canal Loft Hotel from the New York city center? Canal Loft Hotel is just 0.1 km away from the center of Chinatown, New York. From Canal Loft Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rockefeller Center. What is the Canal Loft Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Canal Loft Hotel please call +1 646 882 0428. Does Canal Loft Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Canal Loft Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Canal Loft Hotel? Canal Loft Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Canal Loft Hotel, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 137 per night to stay at Canal Loft Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 55 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Canal Loft Hotel from Empire State Building? The popular Empire State Building is just over 3.8 km from Canal Loft Hotel. Is Canal Loft Hotel close to Union Square? 2.3 km - making Union Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Canal Loft Hotel. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Canal Loft Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
