https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Candlewood_Suites_NYC_Times_Square.htm
Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Hotel 339 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,565 reviews 7.6 C$ 203 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square This modern hotel is in Manhattan, a short stroll to The New York Times Building. It also provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. This traditional ho... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 22.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 967 2254 All policies Amenities at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette DVD player Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Hampton Inn Manhattan/Times Square South 6.5 Good 337 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is a few minutes away from The New York Times Building. It is situated a brief walk from Madison Square Garden. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square 6.5 Good 343 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express - Times Square provides a modern setting while in New York City. It is close to The New York Times Building, shops and nightlife options. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Distrikt Hotel New York City, Tapestry Collection by Hilton 7.6 Good 342 West 40th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Distrikt Hotel New York City is ideally located in Manhattan. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a safe and free Wi-Fi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Element New York Times Square West 7.6 Good 311 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Element Times Square West is located in New York City and offers a rooftop terrace. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Pennsylvania Station. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,565 verified guest reviews 7.4Friends 7.6Couples 7.7Families 7.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date K 6.2 Okay Karen Lam, Aug. 2017 it doesn't have restaurant & concierge service in house. Room cleaning is once a week So we requested for an additional service with a charge of US$15 per room. Air-cond is noisy. If we adjusted air temp to 20 degree C, heated air came out! So we either turned on cool air for 5 minutes & turned it off or just opened the windows. Overall experience is not value for money. with room rate at US$250 per night. Photos of Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square All photos (46) Bedroom (8) Kitchen (7) Building (6) Bathroom (5) Where is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Most Popular Landmarks Madison Square Garden0.7 km Times Square0.8 km Bryant Park0.9 km Broadway0.9 km Empire State Building1.0 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Getting Around New York Port Authority0.2 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.3 km New York 417 W 34th St0.4 km New York 201 West 37th St0.5 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.5 km New York Penn Station0.6 km FAQs when booking at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Is pricing at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 583/night, but on average, Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square is available for 57% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square for C$ 339/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 22.2 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square. The average expected drive time from Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 17m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square from the New York city center? Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square is 0.7 km away from the center of Hell's Kitchen, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square by various forms of transportation. What is the Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square phone number? You can reach the front desk of Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square at +1 212 967 2254. Does Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square? Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square? Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square, New York? Prices at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 339, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 106. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square for opening and last order times. Does Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square, New York. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square from Rockefeller Center? Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square is a walkable distance (1.2 km) from Rockefeller Center, New York. Is Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square close to Times Square? Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Times Square, which is 0.8 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
