https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Capital_Hill_Hotel_Suites.htm
Capital Hill Hotel and Suites, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Hotel 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada C$ 39 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Capital Hill Hotel and Suites This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. This 3-star hotel offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception a... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 235 1413 All policies Amenities at Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Parking Hairdryer Gift shop Microwave Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Kitchenette Show more Services Business centre Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Capital Hill Hotel and Suites The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Lord Elgin Hotel 8.0 Excellent 100 Elgin Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Lord Elgin Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Ottawa. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals Arc The Hotel 7.1 Good 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Ottawa Hotel 8.1 Excellent 150 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel provides easy access to Ottawa's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. Guests have access to an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Capital Hill Hotel and Suites All photos (11) Conference room (4) Bedroom (3) Living room (1) Restaurant (1) Where is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Most Popular Landmarks Confederation Park0.3 km Bank Street Promenade0.5 km Rideau Centre0.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.6 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.2 km Laurier House1.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.1 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.3 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.5 km Ottawa 1 George St0.5 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.6 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.7 km FAQs when booking at Capital Hill Hotel and Suites How close is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With a distance of 11.2 km between Capital Hill Hotel and Suites and the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Capital Hill Hotel and Suites? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Capital Hill Hotel and Suites can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Capital Hill Hotel and Suites has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites considered pet-friendly? Capital Hill Hotel and Suites is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Capital Hill Hotel and Suites. How close is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites from the Ottawa city center? Capital Hill Hotel and Suites is just 0.7 km away from the center of Centretown, Ottawa. From Capital Hill Hotel and Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian Tire Centre. What is the Capital Hill Hotel and Suites phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 613 235 1413. Does Capital Hill Hotel and Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Capital Hill Hotel and Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Capital Hill Hotel and Suites? Capital Hill Hotel and Suites check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Is there a restaurant at Capital Hill Hotel and Suites? There is a restaurant located in Capital Hill Hotel and Suites. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Capital Hill Hotel and Suites have a laundry service? Capital Hill Hotel and Suites does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites from Canadian War Museum? Canadian War Museum in Ottawa is 1.7 km away from Capital Hill Hotel and Suites. Is Capital Hill Hotel and Suites close to Laurier House? Capital Hill Hotel and Suites is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Laurier House, which is 1.5 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Capital Hill Hotel and Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
