https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Capital_City_Center_Hotel.htm
Capital City Center Hotel, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Capital City Center Hotel Capital City Center Hotel Hotel 1961 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada C$ 407 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Capital City Center Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Capital City Center Hotel Set in Victoria, Capital City Center Hotel is a five-minute walk from Victoria City Hall and features a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. It also provides free Wi-Fi. A 24-hour reception, an... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 24.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 953 1000 All policies Amenities at Capital City Center Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Safe Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Desk Coffee shop Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Services Wedding services Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Capital City Center Hotel Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Capital City Center Hotel Hotel Rialto 8.3 Excellent 653 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This historic hotel is situated close to Victoria City Hall in Victoria. It is steps from Chinatown, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel 8.1 Excellent 642 Johnson Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is a historic setting while in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. Only a short stroll from BC Ferries, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with movies-on-demand, a refrigerator and a kitchenette. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Swans Brewery, Pub and Hotel 7.8 Good 506 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Swans Brewery Pub & Hotel is located in Victoria and features free Wi-Fi. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Chinatown and Victoria City Hall. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Turtle Hostel 1608 Quadra Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Turtle Hostel provides a comfortable setting while in Victoria. It is close to BC Ferries, restaurants and shops. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Capital City Center Hotel All photos (28) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (3) Kitchen (2) Other (2) Where is Capital City Center Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre0.3 km Open Space Arts Society0.8 km Victoria Harbour1.1 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.7 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.8 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.2 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at Discovery0.1 km Victoria Douglas at Kings0.6 km Victoria Douglas at View0.7 km Victoria Ferry1.3 km Victoria Bus Station1.3 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson1.6 km FAQs when booking at Capital City Center Hotel How close is Capital City Center Hotel to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With no traffic, the 1.1 km drive between Capital City Center Hotel and Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Capital City Center Hotel? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Capital City Center Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Capital City Center Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Capital City Center Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. Is Capital City Center Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Capital City Center Hotel. Is there a pool at Capital City Center Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Victoria look for a hotel with a pool. Capital City Center Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Capital City Center Hotel from the Victoria city center? Capital City Center Hotel is 0.5 km away from the center of North Park, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Capital City Center Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Capital City Center Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Capital City Center Hotel at +1 250 953 1000. Does Capital City Center Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Capital City Center Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Capital City Center Hotel? The standard check-out time at Capital City Center Hotel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Is there a restaurant at Capital City Center Hotel? Capital City Center Hotel does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Capital City Center Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Capital City Center Hotel. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Capital City Center Hotel from Emily Carr House? Capital City Center Hotel is a walkable distance (2.1 km) from Emily Carr House, Victoria. Is Capital City Center Hotel close to Royal Theatre? Walking distance - there’s 1 km between Royal Theatre and Capital City Center Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Capital City Center Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
