https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Capitol_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Capitol Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Capitol Hotel Capitol Hotel Hotel Al Mina Road, Po Box 33228, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,032 reviews 6.8 C$ 146 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Capitol Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Capitol Hotel Situated in Dubai, Capitol Hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a sauna and a rooftop pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 9.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4346 0111 All policies Amenities at Capitol Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Night club Storage available Private parking Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared toilet Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Darts Evening entertainment Fitness centre Karaoke Pool table Massage Shopping Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Capitol Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Capitol Hotel Mercure Gold Hotel Al Mina Road Dubai 7.6 Good Al Mina Road Bur Dubai,P O Box 66431, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Mercure Gold Hotel Al Mina Road Dubai provides modern 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Dubai Al Mina 7.2 Good Al Mina Road, Port Rashid PO Box 50, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Hilton Garden Inn Dubai Al Mina - Jumeirah provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Al Khoory Executive Hotel 8.3 Excellent Al Wasl Road (Opposite Iranian Hospital) P.O.Box 6237, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Al Khoory Executive Hotel is located in Dubai and offers free Wi-Fi. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals The Canvas Dubai - MGallery Hotel Collection 7.5 Good 23, Kuwait Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides a rooftop pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, body treatments and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Capitol Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,032 verified guest reviews 6.7Friends 6.9Couples 6.7Families 6.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date A 9.1 Excellent Anonymous, Oct. 2016 The hotel reception took a good 30 min after I arrived at the hotel to confirm my booking booked thru hotelscombined app Photos of Capitol Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (9) Living room (8) Other (5) Where is Capitol Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Emirates Towers2.8 km Ibn Battuta Mall26.9 km Al Karama3.1 km Dubai Museum3.3 km Dubai Gold Souk4.1 km Gold Souq4.2 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station1.2 km Dubai Np2.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station22.2 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach27.3 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus5.0 km FAQs when booking at Capitol Hotel Is pricing at Capitol Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? In Dubai, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 181. The expected nightly rate for Capitol Hotel is around C$ 199; a price that is 19% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Capitol Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Dubai. How close is Capitol Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? There are 9 km between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Capitol Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Capitol Hotel? Capitol Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Capitol Hotel? Yes, Capitol Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Capitol Hotel from the Dubai city center? Capitol Hotel is 1 km away from the center of Al Mina, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Capitol Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Capitol Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Capitol Hotel at +971 4346 0111. Does Capitol Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Capitol Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Capitol Hotel? Yes, Capitol Hotel has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Capitol Hotel? Capitol Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Capitol Hotel, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 199 per night to stay at Capitol Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 88 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Capitol Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Capitol Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Capitol Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Capitol Hotel, Dubai. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Capitol Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
