https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Casa_do_Mercado_Lisboa.htm
Casa do Mercado Lisboa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Casa do Mercado Lisboa Casa do Mercado Lisboa Bed & Breakfast Rua Da Boavista 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 545 reviews 9.0 C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Casa do Mercado Lisboa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Casa do Mercado Lisboa Situated within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station, this traditional bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Lisbon and its surrounds. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sw... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 9.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 939 057 015 All policies Amenities at Casa do Mercado Lisboa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Linens Towels Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Sofa Sofa bed Allergy-free room No smoking Soundproof rooms Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining table Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Streaming service Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Daily housekeeping Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Casa do Mercado Lisboa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Casa do Mercado Lisboa Lisbon Five Stars Apartments Bica 8.6 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel This 4-star property provides elegant accommodation in Lisbon and is a few minutes on foot from Cais do Sodre Railway Station. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an airport shuttle and a car rental desk. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Borges Chiado 7.9 Good Rua Garrett, 108-110, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Borges Chiado allows for easy access to Lisbon's main sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a coffee bar, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto 9.4 Excellent Rua Das Gáveas, 103, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is an ideal base while in Lisbon. It is moments from Bairro Alto and nightlife and shopping options. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Casa do Mercado Lisboa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 545 verified guest reviews 9.0Families 9.0Solo 9.1Friends 8.9Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Casa do Mercado Lisboa All photos (28) Bedroom (15) Outdoors view (6) Living room (2) Other (2) Where is Casa do Mercado Lisboa Most Popular Landmarks Chiado Museum0.5 km Elevador de Santa Justa0.8 km Jardim Botânico1.1 km Sé de Lisboa1.3 km Castelo de São Jorge1.4 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian3.3 km Getting Around Lisbon Cais do Sodré0.4 km Lisbon Rossio0.9 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.9 km Lisbon Restauradores0.9 km Lisbon Avenida1.3 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias1.5 km FAQs when booking at Casa do Mercado Lisboa Is pricing at Casa do Mercado Lisboa comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? Hotels in Lisbon that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 179/night, but on average, Casa do Mercado Lisboa is available for 28% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Casa do Mercado Lisboa for C$ 173/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Lisbon. How close is Casa do Mercado Lisboa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At 7.6 km away, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is the closest airport to Casa do Mercado Lisboa. The average expected drive time from Casa do Mercado Lisboa to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is 0h 05m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Casa do Mercado Lisboa? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Casa do Mercado Lisboa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Casa do Mercado Lisboa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Casa do Mercado Lisboa from the Lisbon city center? The center of Misericórdia, Lisbon, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Casa do Mercado Lisboa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Casa do Mercado Lisboa using any means of transportation. What is the Casa do Mercado Lisboa phone number? You can reach the front desk of Casa do Mercado Lisboa at +351 939 057 015. Does Casa do Mercado Lisboa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Casa do Mercado Lisboa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Casa do Mercado Lisboa? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Casa do Mercado Lisboa. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Casa do Mercado Lisboa, Lisbon? A good deal at Casa do Mercado Lisboa right now is between C$ 96 and C$ 173 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Casa do Mercado Lisboa have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Casa do Mercado Lisboa. How far is Casa do Mercado Lisboa from Sé de Lisboa? Sé de Lisboa in Lisbon is 1.3 km away from Casa do Mercado Lisboa. Is Casa do Mercado Lisboa close to Chiado Museum? Casa do Mercado Lisboa is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Chiado Museum, which is 0.5 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Casa do Mercado Lisboa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
