https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Casas_de_Sao_Bento.htm
Casas de São Bento, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Casas de São Bento Casas de São Bento Aparthotel Rua Correia Garção, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 289 reviews 9.3 C$ 114 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Casas de São Bento Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Casas de São Bento Less than a 20-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Railway Station, Casas de Sao Bento provides guests with a convenient base while in Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a concierge and an express ch... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 9.3 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 912 179 715 All policies Amenities at Casas de São Bento Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing rules CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private apartment in building Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Kitchen Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Seating area Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Child-safety socket covers Toilet paper City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Washing machine Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Contactless check-in/check-out Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Casas de São Bento Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Casas de São Bento House Sao Bento 8.8 Excellent Rua Borges Carneiro 38 r/c Esq.., Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel House Sao Bento provides a comfortable setting when in Lisbon. It is steps from Sao Bento Palace, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon City Break Suites Rua da Imprensa Nacional, 29A, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Lisbon City Break Suites is situated in Lisbon and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a terrace and massage services. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals 1869 Príncipe Real House 9.1 Excellent Travessa do Abarracamento de Peniche, 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Lisbon and its surrounds. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an airport shuttle and a concierge. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Casas de São Bento 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.3 ExcellentBased on 290 verified guest reviews 9.3Couples 9.3Solo 9.3Friends 9.5Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Casas de São Bento All photos (29) Bedroom (8) Living room (7) Bathroom (5) Patio (3) Where is Casas de São Bento Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.8 km Chiado Museum1.0 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.2 km Castelo de São Jorge1.7 km Sé de Lisboa1.8 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.9 km Getting Around Lisbon Cais do Sodré1.0 km Lisbon Restauradores1.0 km Lisbon Rossio1.1 km Lisbon Avenida1.1 km Lisbon Marquês Pombal1.4 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio1.4 km FAQs when booking at Casas de São Bento Is pricing at Casas de São Bento comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? The average rate for a night at Casas de São Bento is 44% less than the Lisbon average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Casas de São Bento is typically C$ 137, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Lisbon. How close is Casas de São Bento to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With a distance of 7.3 km between Casas de São Bento and the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 05m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Casas de São Bento? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Casas de São Bento where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Casas de São Bento from the Lisbon city center? Casas de São Bento is 0.5 km away from the center of Misericórdia, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Casas de São Bento by various forms of transportation. What is the Casas de São Bento phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Casas de São Bento please call +351 912 179 715. Does Casas de São Bento have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Casas de São Bento has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Casas de São Bento? The standard check-out time at Casas de São Bento is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Casas de São Bento, Lisbon? On average, guests have been paying C$ 137 per night to stay at Casas de São Bento. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 81 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Casas de São Bento have a laundry service? Casas de São Bento does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Casas de São Bento from Sé de Lisboa? Sé de Lisboa in Lisbon is 1.8 km away from Casas de São Bento. Is Casas de São Bento close to Chiado Museum? If you want to see Chiado Museum while visiting Lisbon, Casas de São Bento is just 1 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Casas de São Bento Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
