https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Cassandra_Hotel.htm
Cassandra Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Cassandra Hotel Cassandra Hotel Hotel 3075 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 329 reviews 6.9 C$ 182 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Cassandra Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Cassandra Hotel Cassandra Hotel is situated in Vancouver and is close to the area's popular attractions. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Regio... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.6 km Rating 6.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 430 3441 All policies Amenities at Cassandra Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Entire unit located on ground floor Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Long-term parking (surcharge) Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Cassandra Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Cassandra Hotel The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver 3505 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Joyce-Collingwood Station, The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver offers guests an ideal base while in Vancouver. It also offers luggage storage, a tour desk and a 24-hour reception. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Gordon's Guest House 8.8 Excellent 2670 E. 28th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Located a short walk from 29th Avenue Railway Station, Gordon's Guest House is an ideal base when in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals 2400 Motel 4.6 Okay 2400 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from 29th Avenue Railway Station, 2400 Motel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. It also offers complimentary wireless internet to all guests during their stay. C$ 129 Avg. per night View Deals Atrium Inn Vancouver 7.4 Good 2889 Hastings Street East, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 5.1 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Atrium Inn Vancouver is an easy drive from Stanley Park and provides free private parking on site. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Cassandra Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.9 OkayBased on 329 verified guest reviews 6.9Friends 6.9Couples 7.3Solo 6.5Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Cassandra Hotel All photos (38) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (4) Other (4) Outdoors view (3) Where is Cassandra Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Stanley Park10.5 km Capilano Suspension Bridge13.1 km Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre14.9 km Metropolis at Metrotown3.2 km Pacific Coliseum5.5 km TELUS World of Science6.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Cambie St & 41st St- Bus Stop Bay 15.5 km Vancouver Cambie and 49th - Bus Stop Bay 45.6 km Vancouver Cambie St & King Edward St - Bus Stop Bay 45.7 km Vancouver Cambie and 59th Bus Stop5.9 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station5.9 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station6.2 km FAQs when booking at Cassandra Hotel How close is Cassandra Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With no traffic, the 8.1 km drive between Cassandra Hotel and Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 06m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Cassandra Hotel? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Cassandra Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 21/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Cassandra Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Cassandra Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is there a pool at Cassandra Hotel? Yes, Cassandra Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Cassandra Hotel from the Vancouver city center? The center of Renfrew-Collingwood, Vancouver, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Cassandra Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as TELUS World of Science, which you can get to from Cassandra Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Cassandra Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Cassandra Hotel please call +1 604 430 3441. Does Cassandra Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Cassandra Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Cassandra Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Cassandra Hotel. What is the check-out time at Cassandra Hotel? The standard check-out time at Cassandra Hotel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Cassandra Hotel, Vancouver? C$ 126 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Cassandra Hotel, with average deals around C$ 200 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Cassandra Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Cassandra Hotel, Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Cassandra Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
