https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Castle_Waikiki_Grand_Hotel.htm
Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Hotel 134 Kapahulu Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 203 reviews 7.1 C$ 207 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel is situated in Honolulu and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an outdoor pool and a swimming pool. Offering views of Kapiolani Park and Diamond Head, Waikiki Gran... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.6 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 12.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 923 1814 All policies Amenities at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Fire extinguisher Sea view Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Smoke alarms Iron and ironing board Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Golf Services Ticket service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Kapiolani Hotel 8.4 Excellent 150 Kapahulu Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Commanding views of Diamond Head, Queen Kapiolani Hotel is moments from Honolulu's attractions and landmarks. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a rooftop terrace, an outdoor pool and valet parking. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Park Shore Waikiki 8.1 Excellent 2586 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This affordable resort is located in Waikiki, only a few moments on foot from Kuhio Beach Park. It offers free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and valet parking. C$ 298 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Ewa Hotel Waikiki 7.1 Good 2555 Cartwright Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Ewa Hotel Waikiki is located in Honolulu and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also offers a rooftop terrace, plus views of the ocean. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Sand Villa Hotel 7.4 Good 2375 Ala Wai Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.9 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 203 verified guest reviews 7.4Couples 7.0Solo 6.6Friends 7.0Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 8.9 Great Anonymous, Apr. 2018 great location, friendly staff. room service is not provided unless extra is paid. not a deal breaker... Photos of Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel All photos (57) Balcony (12) Bedroom (10) Kitchen (9) Building (7) Where is Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Kuhio Beach Park0.4 km Honolulu Zoo0.4 km Waikiki Beach0.9 km FAQs when booking at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel How close is Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? There are 12.2 km between the closest airport, Honolulu Airport, and Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 58/day and parking it at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel from the Honolulu city center? The center of Diamond Head, Honolulu, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel phone number? For questions about Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 808 923 1814. Does Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel, Honolulu? Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 217/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 108/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel? Yes - Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel from Diamond Head State Monument? The popular Diamond Head State Monument is just over 2 km from Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel. Is Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel close to Fort DeRussy? 1.5 km - making Fort DeRussy a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
