https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Centurion_Hotel_Residential_Cabin_Tower.htm
Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Hotel 3-12-16 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan C$ 174 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower is set in Central Tokyo and is a 10-minute walk from Nagatacho. It also offers free wireless internet. The hotel features a 24/7 reception, plus a lift... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 362 296 336 All policies Amenities at Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Elevator 24hr front desk Services Currency exchange on-site All amenities Hotels Similar to Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo Akasaka 8.8 Excellent 4-3, Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo Akasaka is five minutes from Akasaka Sacas. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi and is a stone's throw from Akasaka and tourist attractions. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals the b akasaka-mitsuke 8.0 Excellent 3-21-7 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, The B Tokyo Akasaka-Mitsuke offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals the b akasaka 7.8 Good 7-6-13 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, The B Akasaka offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka Sacas. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Asakusa View Hotel 8.5 Excellent 3-17-1 Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set in Taito, this modern hotel provides a coffee bar, an indoor pool and massage services. It is moments from Hanayashiki, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Most Popular Landmarks Roppongi Hills1.3 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.5 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden2.8 km Tokyo Dome3.8 km Yoyogi Koen3.9 km Akihabara Electric Town4.2 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.5 km Tokyo2.7 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube2.9 km Tokyo2.9 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal3.7 km Tokyo Shinagawa5.1 km FAQs when booking at Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower How close is Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? There are 14.4 km between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower from the Tokyo city center? Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower is 0.4 km away from the center of Akasaka, Tokyo. Consider visiting Akihabara Electric Town, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower by various forms of transportation. What is the Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +81 362 296 336 to talk to a Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower front desk representative. Does Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How far is Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower from Tokyo Dome? You can walk to Tokyo Dome while staying at Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower - you’ll be about 3.8 km away. Is Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower close to Akasaka Sacas? If you want to see Akasaka Sacas while visiting Tokyo, Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower is just 0.1 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
