https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Centurion_Hotel_Ikebukuro_Station.htm
Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Hotel 1-8-9 Higashi Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 969 reviews 7.9 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station offers modern accommodation in Tokyo and is within a 20-minute walk of Higashi-Ikebukuro-yonchome Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of co... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.4 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Tokyo All airports Distance to airport 3.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 369 126 031 All policies Amenities at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush Pyjamas Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Sunshine City Prince Hotel 8.3 Excellent 3-1-5 Higashi-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Offering views of Tokyo, guests of Sunshine City Prince Hotel Ikebukuro can expect luxury amenities such as a limousine service. It is close to Sunshine 60, restaurants and shops. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro 8.7 Excellent 1-6-1 Nishi-Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Offering an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro is an ideal setting for a relaxing getaway and presents unique views of Tokyo. It is close to Ikebukuro, dining options and shops. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae 8.1 Excellent 2-9-7 Sugamo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel APA Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is situated in Tokyo and features free wireless internet. It also offers massage services, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Nine Hours Shinjuku-North 9.0 Excellent 1-4-15 Hyakunincho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Situated in Central Tokyo, Nine Hours Shinjuku-North provides 1-star accommodation and a 24-hour reception, a lift and free Wi-Fi. The hotel is also ideally located minutes on foot from Shin-Okubo Railway Station. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 969 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.0Couples 7.7Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Jul. 2018 great location, close to everything. Room is clean with all amenities needed. We stayed in double bed room and was able to open two large suitcase without any issue. The only down size is thaf there are only 2 lift and was jam packed during check out time and your have to wait for a few times before you can get into it. A 3.5 Poor Anonymous, Apr. 2018 The experience is bad. This hotel should be your last option. Book it only if you are unable to find another option. its a pain to deal with their rigid rules and unhelpful staff. Eg of my experience: No. 1 Major Turnoff - Unhelpful Staff: On the day we arrived, we check with the front desk if they can help us arrange for luggage to send to airport. we were told to send our luggage before 11am, two days before our departure and they can help us with the arrangement. We did as we were told and brought our luggage to the front desk at 10am, two days before our departure, the lady manning the desk decides not to help us and gave all sorts of excuses and told us to do it through the 7-11. No 2. Major Turnoff - Rigid rule. This is not the first time i traveled to tokyo and each time i stay in the same hotel category as Centurion. every hotel allows up to 30mins grace period but not this hotel. We were late for 15 mins and front desk wants to charge us the mins we are late! and for 15mins like a negligible amount of USD1; the staff was pretty insistent on us paying and i am like sure i will pay since i dont want to get into an argument over USD1, its stupid. Though in the end, she decides not to charge me BUT damage is done. No. 3 Major Turn off - no housekeeping after 11am. There is a really rigid rule that housekeeping not available after 11am so they can only replace the towels and remove the rubbish. we were here on holiday, of course, there are days whereby we cannot wake up in the morning. so we didnt get any housekeeping. 4. wifi is slow and its unsecure network. you can access it without a password so not recommended for business travelers. 5. no key card is required to access hotel room level so not safe. Photos of Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station All photos (32) Bedroom (19) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Room amenity (3) Where is Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Most Popular Landmarks Toyosu Market11.5 km Tokyo Dome4.4 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden5.2 km Ueno Koen5.6 km Akihabara Electric Town6.5 km Yoyogi Koen6.9 km Getting Around Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal0.7 km Tokyo Shinagawa11.7 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal5.0 km Tokyo Ueno6.0 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube6.6 km Tokyo7.3 km FAQs when booking at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Is pricing at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station is 68% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station is typically C$ 124, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station is 21.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station from the Tokyo city center? Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station is just 0.7 km away from the center of Toshima, Tokyo. From Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tokyo Dome. What is the Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station phone number? For questions about Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +81 369 126 031. Does Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station? Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station, Tokyo? On average, guests have been paying C$ 124 per night to stay at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 59 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station, Tokyo. Does Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
