https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Charltons_Banff.htm
Charltons Banff, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Charltons Banff Charltons Banff Hotel 513 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,049 reviews 7.7 C$ 141 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Charltons Banff Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Charltons Banff Situated in Banff National Park, this cosy hotel is the perfect base for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 107.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 4485 All policies Amenities at Charltons Banff Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Fan Safety deposit box Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Mountain view Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Ski pass vendor Contactless check-in/check-out Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Charltons Banff Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Charltons Banff Banff Inn 8.2 Excellent 501 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa 7.7 Good 521 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated at the base of Tunnel Mountain, Banff Caribou Lodge and Spa is a comfortable place to stay in Banff and offers an indoor pool. It is ideal for those wishing to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Hillside Bungalows 9.0 Excellent Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Hillside Bungalows is an easy drive from Canmore and provides free Wi-Fi, a BBQ/picnic area and a laundry service. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Charltons Banff 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,049 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.7Families 8.1Friends 7.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Charltons Banff All photos (48) Bathroom (11) Bedroom (9) Pool (7) Other (6) Where is Charltons Banff Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.3 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.5 km Sunshine Village15.8 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.0 km Upper Hot Springs3.6 km Mount Norquay5.4 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.4 km Banff Banff Ave0.4 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.4 km Banff Banff, Ab1.0 km Banff Mount Royal1.0 km Banff Hidden Ridge Way1.2 km FAQs when booking at Charltons Banff Is pricing at Charltons Banff comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? In Banff, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 186. The expected nightly rate for Charltons Banff is around C$ 185; a price that is 26% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Charltons Banff to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Banff. Is there a pool at Charltons Banff? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Banff often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Charltons Banff for pool rules and guidelines. What is the Charltons Banff phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Charltons Banff please call +1 403 762 4485. Does Charltons Banff have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Charltons Banff has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Charltons Banff? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Charltons Banff, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Charltons Banff, Banff? C$ 84 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Charltons Banff, with average deals around C$ 185 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Charltons Banff? There is a restaurant located in Charltons Banff. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Charltons Banff have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Charltons Banff, Banff. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Charltons Banff from Banff Park Museum? Charltons Banff is a good place to stay to see Banff Park Museum. It’s 1.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Charltons Banff Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
