https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Chateau_Motel.htm
Chateau Motel, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Chateau Motel Chateau Motel Motel 1414 Calgary Trail Southwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 379 reviews 6.6 C$ 75 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Chateau Motel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Chateau Motel Chateau Motel is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. A laundry service and a 24-h... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.6 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 13.8 km Policies Check-in time 12:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 988 6661 All policies Amenities at Chateau Motel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Adapter Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Lake view Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Washing machine Kitchenette Show more Activities Gaming console Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Services Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Laundry service Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Chateau Motel Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Chateau Motel Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South 8.9 Excellent 1140 103A Street Southwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Home2 Suites By Hilton Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and offers an indoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 109 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South 8.2 Excellent 1115 103A Street SW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and features an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a 24-hour business centre. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton/South, Alberta, Canada 8.4 Excellent 10020 12th Avenue S.W., Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Chateau Motel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 380 verified guest reviews 7.2Friends 6.3Families 6.3Couples 7.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Chateau Motel All photos (20) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (4) Room amenity (2) Buffet (2) Where is Chateau Motel Most Popular Landmarks Ellerslie Rugby Park1.5 km Summerside Lake1.6 km Fort Edmonton Park10.7 km Edmonton Ski Club12.7 km Edmonton City Centre13.8 km Rogers Place14.1 km Getting Around Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel10.8 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall11.4 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel11.7 km Edmonton 10014 104 St13.3 km Edmonton Welcome Center13.5 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre15.4 km FAQs when booking at Chateau Motel Is pricing at Chateau Motel comparable to 2 star hotels in Edmonton? Hotels in Edmonton that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 99/night, but on average, Chateau Motel is available for 48% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Chateau Motel for C$ 70/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Edmonton. How close is Chateau Motel to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 13.8 km drive between Chateau Motel and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 10m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Chateau Motel? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Chateau Motel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Chateau Motel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Chateau Motel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is Chateau Motel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Chateau Motel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Chateau Motel from the Edmonton city center? Chateau Motel is just 13.6 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Chateau Motel, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Chateau Motel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Chateau Motel please call +1 780 988 6661. Does Chateau Motel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Chateau Motel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Chateau Motel? Chateau Motel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Chateau Motel, Edmonton? Usually Chateau Motel room prices are around C$ 70/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 64/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Chateau Motel have a laundry service? Chateau Motel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Chateau Motel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
