https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Chateau_Louis_Hotel_Conference_Centre.htm
Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 297 reviews 8.0 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. The hotel provides wireless internet, as... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.8 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 0.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 452 7770 All policies Amenities at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned CD player Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Wedding services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Edmonton Inn and Conference Centre 6.6 Good 11834 Kingsway NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Edmonton Inn & Conference Centre is set in Edmonton and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as the Alberta Aviation Museum. It also offers a hair salon, a beauty centre and meeting rooms. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus City Centre Inn 8.0 Excellent 11310-109th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, Best Western PLUS City Centre Inn is within walking distance of the Alberta Aviation Museum and provides a saltwater swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. It is close to Kingsway Mall, restaurants and shops. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Luxury central location Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Luxury central location offers 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. Guests can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 2,844 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Edmonton/West 8.5 Excellent 18304 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton/West is located in Edmonton and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, highchairs and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 297 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.1Friends 8.1Families 8.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre All photos (33) Bedroom (12) Banquet hall (5) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Most Popular Landmarks Kingsway Mall1.2 km South Edmonton Common13.5 km Ellerslie Rugby Park15.5 km Summerside Lake16.9 km Rogers Place2.7 km Telus World of Science2.8 km Getting Around Edmonton 11204 119 St0.7 km Edmonton1.5 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre1.6 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw11.2 km Edmonton 10014 104 St3.3 km Edmonton Welcome Center3.6 km FAQs when booking at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Is pricing at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? The average rate for a night at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre is 28% less than the Edmonton average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre is typically C$ 122, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Edmonton. How close is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At 29 km away, Edmonton Airport is the closest airport to Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre. The average expected drive time from Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre to Edmonton Airport is 0h 22m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre. How close is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre from the Edmonton city center? Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre is just 3.8 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 780 452 7770. Does Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre? Yes, Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre? Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre, Edmonton? A good deal at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre right now is between C$ 119 and C$ 122 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre from Commonwealth Stadium? Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton is 3.1 km away from Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre. Is Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre close to Telus World of Science? Telus World of Science is also a popular place to see in Edmonton. It is 2.8 km from Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
