https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Chateau_Repotel_Henri_IV.htm
Chateau Repotel Henri IV, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Chateau Repotel Henri IV Chateau Repotel Henri IV Hotel 2500, Av. St-Jean-Baptiste, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 3,428 reviews 7.7 C$ 104 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Chateau Repotel Henri IV Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Chateau Repotel Henri IV Chateau Repotel Henri IV is situated in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides meeting rooms, a lift and a 24-hour reception. Chateau Repotel Henri IV Hotel Quebec ... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.0 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 4.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 872 1112 All policies Amenities at Chateau Repotel Henri IV Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property Soundproof rooms Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Hairdryer Family rooms Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Fire extinguisher Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus EV charging station Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Smoke alarms Heating Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Iron and ironing board Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) First-aid kit Vending machine (snacks) Microwave 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available CCTV in common areas Show more Services Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Chateau Repotel Henri IV Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Chateau Repotel Henri IV Hôtel Motel Le Gite 5160 boulevard Wilfrid Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Motel Le Gite is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Motel Lustre D'or 3225 Boulevard Wilfrid-Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Motel Lustre d'Or is located in Quebec City and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Motel Jann 5.1 Okay 3210 boulevard Wilfrid-Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Motel Jann is located in Quebec City and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides laundry facilities, luggage storage and a vending machine. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Repotel Duplessis 7.3 Good 6555, Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel Chateau Repotel Duplessis is situated in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides a Jacuzzi, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Chateau Repotel Henri IV 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 3,428 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.7Couples 8.0Solo 7.5Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Chateau Repotel Henri IV All photos (18) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (3) Building (2) Front desk (2) Where is Chateau Repotel Henri IV Most Popular Landmarks Museum of Civilization10.0 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency16.8 km Village Vacances Valcartier18.8 km Les Galeries de la Capitale3.9 km Mont Sainte-Anne43.6 km Laurier Quebec5.1 km Getting Around Québec City Vallée13.3 km Québec City Sainte-Foy4.2 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy4.4 km Québec City Camp Mercier48.7 km Québec City Laurier (chul)5.3 km Québec City Université Laval5.7 km FAQs when booking at Chateau Repotel Henri IV How close is Chateau Repotel Henri IV to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 4.5 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Chateau Repotel Henri IV. The average expected drive time from Chateau Repotel Henri IV to Québec City Airport is 0h 03m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Chateau Repotel Henri IV? Chateau Repotel Henri IV has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Chateau Repotel Henri IV from the Québec City city center? Chateau Repotel Henri IV is 1.8 km away from the center of Duberger-Les Saules, Québec City. Consider visiting Place Royale, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Chateau Repotel Henri IV by various forms of transportation. What is the Chateau Repotel Henri IV phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 872 1112. Does Chateau Repotel Henri IV have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Chateau Repotel Henri IV has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Chateau Repotel Henri IV? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Chateau Repotel Henri IV. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Chateau Repotel Henri IV, Québec City? A good deal at Chateau Repotel Henri IV right now is between C$ 71 and C$ 103 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Chateau Repotel Henri IV have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Chateau Repotel Henri IV that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Chateau Repotel Henri IV Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
