https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Cherry_Tree_Inn.htm
Cherry Tree Inn, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Cherry Tree Inn Cherry Tree Inn Motel 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada GoodBased on 721 reviews 7.4 C$ 117 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Cherry Tree Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Cherry Tree Inn Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. Cherry Tree Inn features a 24-hou... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.5 km Rating 7.4 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 658 5611 All policies Amenities at Cherry Tree Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Golf Cycling Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Cherry Tree Inn Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria 7.4 Good 1999 Country Club Way, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map Surrounded by lush golf greens and Vancouver Island's rugged mountains, The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria offers stunning natural beauty and upscale comforts. Located in Langford, a short distance from Victoria, BC, our hotel places you eight kilometers from Thetis Lake Regional Park. Test your skills at the resort's two golf courses or indulge in a beauty or wellness treatment at Amatista Spa. Find your sanctuary in Langford near Victoria, BC, at The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Cherry Tree Inn Misty Meadows B&B 9.6 Excellent 2627 Bukin Drive East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 6.4 km from current hotel Misty Meadows B&B is located in Highlands and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides a tour desk, a terrace and a garden. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Red Lion Inn and Suites Victoria 7.8 Good 3366 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 6.7 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Saanich provides free wireless internet, as well as an outdoor heated pool and meeting rooms. It offers a gym, as well as scuba diving, fishing and billiards. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Accent Inns Victoria 8.0 Excellent 3233 Maple Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 6.9 km from current hotel Set in Saanich, Accent Inns Victoria is an easy drive from Victoria and provides a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a safe. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Mayfair Motel 650 Speed Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 7.3 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, Mayfair Motel is a convenient base in Victoria. It is a 10-minute drive from BC Ferries and has free public parking on site. C$ 642 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 262 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 251 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Cherry Tree Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 721 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 7.3Couples 7.4Solo 7.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Cherry Tree Inn All photos (33) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (5) Patio (5) Living room (3) Where is Cherry Tree Inn Most Popular Landmarks Fisherman's Wharf Park10.0 km Hatley Castle10.8 km Bear Mountain Golf Club11.8 km Gorge Vale Golf Course7.9 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre9.1 km Open Space Arts Society9.7 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry10.0 km Victoria Bus Station10.2 km Victoria Saanich at Blanshard6.3 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson7.4 km Victoria Douglas at Kings8.4 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery9.0 km FAQs when booking at Cherry Tree Inn Is pricing at Cherry Tree Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Victoria? In Victoria, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 104. The expected nightly rate for Cherry Tree Inn is around C$ 109; a price that is 22% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Cherry Tree Inn to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Victoria. How close is Cherry Tree Inn to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With a distance of 9.8 km between Cherry Tree Inn and the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 07m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Cherry Tree Inn? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Cherry Tree Inn can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 35/day in Victoria. Luckily, Cherry Tree Inn has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Cherry Tree Inn from the Victoria city center? Cherry Tree Inn is just 3.7 km away from the center of Saanich, Victoria. From Cherry Tree Inn you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the Cherry Tree Inn phone number? For questions about Cherry Tree Inn and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 250 658 5611. Does Cherry Tree Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Cherry Tree Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Cherry Tree Inn? Cherry Tree Inn check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Cherry Tree Inn, Victoria? A good deal at Cherry Tree Inn right now is between C$ 106 and C$ 109 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Cherry Tree Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
