https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Citadines_Trafalgar_Square_London.htm
Citadines Trafalgar Square London, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Citadines Trafalgar Square London Citadines Trafalgar Square London Aparthotel 18/21 Northumberland Avenue, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 2,912 reviews 8.1 C$ 298 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Citadines Trafalgar Square London Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Citadines Trafalgar Square London Offering 4-star accommodation, Citadines Trafalgar Square London is conveniently located in Westminster. It is close to Trafalgar Square, eateries and shops. There are a range of amenities av... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 766 3700 All policies Amenities at Citadines Trafalgar Square London Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Indoor play area Table tennis Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Citadines Trafalgar Square London Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Leonardo London St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Citadines Trafalgar Square London The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 298 Avg. per night View Deals The Trafalgar St. James London, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.9 Excellent 2 Spring Gardens, Trafalgar Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Westminster, this luxury hotel provides 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Trafalgar Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 8.5 Excellent 31-36 Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel London is a modern hotel situated in a popular tourist area, under a short stroll to Piccadilly Circus and Theatreland. It has complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Leicester Square. C$ 390 Avg. per night View Deals Strand Palace Hotel 8.1 Excellent 372 Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Strand Palace Hotel London provides art deco accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It is located a brief stroll from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and West End Theater District. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Flemings Mayfair 8.7 Excellent 7-12 Half Moon Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Just minutes from Green Park Tube Station, Flemings Mayfair is one of London's oldest hotels and offers luxury accommodation and facilities, including a fully-equipped gym. Close to shops and restaurants, the hotel is a convenient base when in London. C$ 508 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Citadines Trafalgar Square London 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,912 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.2Friends 8.2Couples 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Citadines Trafalgar Square London All photos (26) Bedroom (8) Living room (6) Kitchen (4) Building (2) Where is Citadines Trafalgar Square London Most Popular Landmarks Trafalgar Square0.3 km Leicester Square0.5 km London Eye0.6 km Big Ben0.7 km Piccadilly Circus0.8 km Buckingham Palace1.3 km Getting Around London Charing Cross0.1 km London Embankment0.2 km London Belvedere Road0.6 km London Westminster0.6 km London Piccadilly Circus0.8 km London Waterloo0.9 km FAQs when booking at Citadines Trafalgar Square London Is pricing at Citadines Trafalgar Square London comparable to 4 star hotels in London? Citadines Trafalgar Square London is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in London. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 373 per night in London. Citadines Trafalgar Square London will run you C$ 330 per night, which is 34% cheaper than the London average. How close is Citadines Trafalgar Square London to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With no traffic, the 23.3 km drive between Citadines Trafalgar Square London and London Heathrow Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 18m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Citadines Trafalgar Square London? Getting from London Heathrow Airport to Citadines Trafalgar Square London can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in London. Luckily, Citadines Trafalgar Square London has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Citadines Trafalgar Square London considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Citadines Trafalgar Square London. How close is Citadines Trafalgar Square London from the London city center? Citadines Trafalgar Square London is just 0.5 km away from the center of Covent Garden, London. From Citadines Trafalgar Square London you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Wembley Stadium. What is the Citadines Trafalgar Square London phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 766 3700 to talk to a Citadines Trafalgar Square London front desk representative. Does Citadines Trafalgar Square London have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Citadines Trafalgar Square London has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Citadines Trafalgar Square London? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Citadines Trafalgar Square London, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Citadines Trafalgar Square London, London? Usually Citadines Trafalgar Square London room prices are around C$ 330/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 221/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Citadines Trafalgar Square London have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Citadines Trafalgar Square London that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Citadines Trafalgar Square London from Tower Bridge? Citadines Trafalgar Square London is a walkable distance (3.4 km) from Tower Bridge, London. Is Citadines Trafalgar Square London close to Hyde Park? Walking distance - there’s 3.3 km between Hyde Park and Citadines Trafalgar Square London. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Citadines Trafalgar Square London Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
