https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/TOV_Hotel_Residence.htm
Citadines Han River Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,719 Citadines Han River Seoul Citadines Han River Seoul Hotel 11 Yangpyeong-ro 28-Gil, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 64 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Citadines Han River Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Citadines Han River Seoul TOV Hotel & Residence offers a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. There are a range of amenities ava... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.7 km Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 40.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 014 1111 All policies Amenities at Citadines Han River Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Free parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Coffee shop Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Services Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Citadines Han River Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 754 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Citadines Han River Seoul The State Sunyu 8.6 Excellent 132, Yangpyeong-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Just a minute's walk from Seonyudo Subway Station (Line 9), The State Sunyu Hotel is an ideal place to stay while visiting Seoul. It also provides free private parking on site and Hongdae Area is a short car trip away. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Khan Hotel 74, Beodeunaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of National Assembly Subway Station (Line 9), Hotel Khan offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals L7 Hongdae By Lotte 8.5 Excellent 141, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Situated in Mapo-gu, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE is a short walk from Hongdae Area and provides a swimming pool. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck, an infinity pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 129 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 212 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Citadines Han River Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market10.8 km Dongdaemun Gate11.0 km COEX Mall15.0 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium16.3 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool20.9 km Yeouido Park3.2 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni14.6 km Seoul Sangbong18.2 km Seoul Yongsan6.6 km Seoul Bus7.2 km FAQs when booking at Citadines Han River Seoul How close is Citadines Han River Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? There are 8.4 km between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Citadines Han River Seoul. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 06m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Citadines Han River Seoul? For the most freedom while visiting Seoul, consider renting a car for about C$ 127/day and parking it at Citadines Han River Seoul where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Citadines Han River Seoul from the Seoul city center? The center of Yangpyeong-dong, Seoul, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Citadines Han River Seoul. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Citadines Han River Seoul using any means of transportation. What is the Citadines Han River Seoul phone number? The best way to contact Citadines Han River Seoul is by calling +82 (0) 22 014 1111. Does Citadines Han River Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Citadines Han River Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Citadines Han River Seoul? Citadines Han River Seoul has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. Is there a restaurant at Citadines Han River Seoul? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Citadines Han River Seoul, Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,719 Citadines Han River Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
