https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Citiez_Hotel_Amsterdam.htm
Citiez Hotel Amsterdam, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Hotel Osdorpplein 372A, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 2,330 reviews 8.1 C$ 89 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Located in Amsterdam, Citiez Hotel Amsterdam is within easy reach of World Fashion Centre and Theater Bellevue. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. There are a variet... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.5 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 6.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 202 246 280 All policies Amenities at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower First-aid kit Smartphone Socket near the bed Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Services Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Hotel King's Court 7.8 Good Delflandlaan 4, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.5 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute walk from Amsterdam Lelylaan Railway Station, the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay when in Amsterdam. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a tour desk. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Amsterdam 7.7 Good Voorburgstraat 250, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Best Western Amsterdam provides 3-star accommodation in Amsterdam. The various facilities this modern hotel offers include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Teleport Hotel 7.8 Good Heathrowstraat 3-5, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel This Amsterdam hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Urban Lodge Hotel 8.1 Excellent Arlandaweg 10, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Located in Amsterdam, just a 10-minute walk from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, Urban Lodge Hotel offers 4-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also provides bicycle rental, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Citiez Hotel Amsterdam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,330 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.3Couples 8.1Friends 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 4.7 Mediocre Andrew, Jan. 2019 I made a reservation for a double separated bedroom and when i reached i found that its one big bed but unfortunately i found that the room is the bed it reaches from wall to wall , u will be stuck in the room , the overall experience of the hotel is not good at all O 6.8 Okay Osama, Jul. 2018 overall was good but i did not loke that the hotel is far away from tue center . also the room size was tooooooo small everything else was great Photos of Citiez Hotel Amsterdam All photos (36) Bedroom (12) Other (7) Outdoors view (6) Building (4) Where is Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Most Popular Landmarks Olympisch Stadion3.9 km Rijksmuseum5.6 km Anne Frank Huis5.8 km Westerpark5.9 km Heineken Experience6.0 km Amsterdam RAI6.2 km Getting Around Amsterdam Reimerswaalstraat0.7 km Amsterdam P+R Zeeburg10.7 km Amsterdam Zuiderzeeweg10.9 km Amsterdam Bijlmer ArenA11.1 km Amsterdam Bijlmer11.1 km Amsterdam Hoogoorddreef11.2 km FAQs when booking at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Is pricing at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam comparable to 3 star hotels in Amsterdam? There is a 65% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Amsterdam and the average nightly rate at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam. The rate at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam is just C$ 121/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Amsterdam. How close is Citiez Hotel Amsterdam to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Citiez Hotel Amsterdam is 6.3 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Citiez Hotel Amsterdam? For the most freedom while visiting Amsterdam, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Citiez Hotel Amsterdam from the Amsterdam city center? The center of Amsterdam Nieuw-West, Amsterdam, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Citiez Hotel Amsterdam. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Van Gogh Museum, which you can get to from Citiez Hotel Amsterdam using any means of transportation. What is the Citiez Hotel Amsterdam phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +31 202 246 280 to talk to a Citiez Hotel Amsterdam front desk representative. Does Citiez Hotel Amsterdam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Citiez Hotel Amsterdam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Citiez Hotel Amsterdam, Amsterdam? Citiez Hotel Amsterdam room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 121/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 63/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Citiez Hotel Amsterdam have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Citiez Hotel Amsterdam from De Meervaart? De Meervaart in Amsterdam is 0.3 km away from Citiez Hotel Amsterdam. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Citiez Hotel Amsterdam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
