https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Citymax_Hotel_Bur_Dubai.htm
Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Hotel Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 8,555 reviews 6.7 C$ 71 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. The hotel offers a concierge, luggage storage... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 6.7 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 7.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4407 8000 All policies Amenities at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Family rooms Rooftop pool Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Pool bar Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Pool with a view Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Darts Fitness centre Pool table Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Grand Excelsior Hotel - Bur Dubai 7.4 Good Kuwait Street, Bur Dubai, PO Box 121545, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Grand Excelsior Hotel Bur Dubai offers stylish 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a Finnish sauna and a rooftop pool. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is included free of charge. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Downtown Dubai 8.5 Excellent Mankhool Road, 4C Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a rooftop pool. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Golden Sands Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Al Mankhool Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Golden Sands Hotel Apartments offers modern 3.5-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Omega Hotel Dubai 7.5 Good Al Mankhool Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Omega Hotel Dubai provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a swimming pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 8,555 verified guest reviews 6.7Families 6.8Couples 6.5Friends 6.7Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 3.0 Poor Abbass , Apr. 2017 worst experience ... Photos of Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai All photos (39) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (6) Bar (4) Other (3) Where is Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Al Karama1.4 km Dubai Museum1.5 km Meydan Racecourse10.1 km Dubai Gold Souk2.4 km Gold Souq2.6 km Ibn Battuta Mall28.7 km Getting Around Dubai Np0.6 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station1.2 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station24.0 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach25.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus3.3 km FAQs when booking at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Is pricing at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai comparable to 3 star hotels in Dubai? Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Dubai. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 146 per night in Dubai. Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai will run you C$ 97 per night, which is 50% cheaper than the Dubai average. How close is Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At 7.3 km away, Dubai Intl Airport is the closest airport to Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai. The average expected drive time from Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai to Dubai Intl Airport is 0h 05m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai? Getting from Dubai Intl Airport to Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 61/day in Dubai. Luckily, Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai? Yes, Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai from the Dubai city center? Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai is 1.9 km away from the center of Al Mina, Dubai. Consider visiting Ibn Battuta Mall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai by various forms of transportation. What is the Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4407 8000 to talk to a Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai front desk representative. Does Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai? The standard check-out time at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 97 per night to stay at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 46 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai, Dubai. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai from Gold Souq? Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai is a good place to stay to see Gold Souq. It’s 2.6 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
