https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/City_Premiere_Marina_Hotel_Apartments.htm
City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Hotel Marina Waterfront, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 3,132 reviews 8.3 C$ 241 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Located in Dubai Marina, this hotel is a 10-minute walk to MarinaScape. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments features a 24/7... More Good to Know To Downtown 18.6 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 29.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4436 4444 All policies Amenities at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Child pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Lake view Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Steam room Private parking Storage available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared toilet Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Dining room Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans TV Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business secretarial services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach 7.9 Good Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Dubai Marina, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Trident Grand Residence and The Walk. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai The Walk 8.1 Excellent The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence PO Box 2431, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Hilton Dubai The Walk offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a private beach, and is moments from The Walk. It provides a gym, as well as a kids club, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Oaks Liwa Heights Suites 8.4 Excellent Jumeirah Lakes Towers, P. O. Box 31303, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Oaks Liwa Heights offers 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It provides free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and squash courts. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Boasting an exclusive beach for guests to enjoy, the hotel is situated in Dubai and provides views of The Walk and Dubai Marina. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 3,132 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.2Friends 8.4Families 8.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date C 10.0 Excellent ciara, Jul. 2018 highly recommend this place to stay, the location was excellent as was the room & view. i look forward to staying here again. H 9.2 Excellent hsnmohd123, Dec. 2017 very fantastic. A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2017 it was great the staff was so helpful and very professional A 9.0 Excellent Ahmad, Mar. 2017 excellent location , quite and family's atmosphere Photos of City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments All photos (38) Outdoors view (7) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Where is City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse18.4 km The Dubai Fountain18.6 km Burj Khalifa18.6 km Dubai Mall19.0 km Emirates Towers20.8 km Al Karama24.9 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station0.2 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station23.6 km Dubai Np24.8 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus27.5 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach49.6 km FAQs when booking at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments How close is City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 29.4 km between City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 22m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments? Yes, City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments from the Dubai city center? The center of Dubai Marina, Dubai, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Gold Souq, which you can get to from City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments using any means of transportation. What is the City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments phone number? For questions about City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4436 4444. Does City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments? Yes, there is a gym available to City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments? The standard check-out time at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments, Dubai? A good deal at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments right now is between C$ 141 and C$ 330 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments, Dubai. Does City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
