https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Clink261_Hostel_London.htm
Clink 261 Hostel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Clink 261 Hostel Clink 261 Hostel Hostel 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 3,044 reviews 7.1 C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Clink 261 Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Clink 261 Hostel Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. This stylish hostel provides a ticket service, luggage stora... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport London All airports Distance to airport 2.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 183 9400 All policies Amenities at Clink 261 Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Reading light Linens Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Packed lunches Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Clink 261 Hostel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 734 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 469 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 381 Avg. per night View Deals Leonardo London St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Clink 261 Hostel Swinton Hotel 7.1 Good 18-24 Swinton Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Swinton Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in London. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Jesmond Dene Hotel 5.6 Okay 31 Argyle Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Jesmond Dene Hotel is set in Central London and is a short stroll from Camley Street Natural Park and the British Library. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Clink78 Hostel 78 Kings Cross Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central London, this modern hostel provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals George Hotel 6.9 Good 58-60 Cartwright Gardens, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel George Hotel London is situated in London and is within a 10-minute walk of Euston Bus Station. It is located a short stroll from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 512 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Clink 261 Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 3,049 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 6.8Couples 7.2Solo 6.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date A 3.7 Poor Anonymous, May 2018 Dirty bathrooms and toilets. Inadequate bathroom for the whole building. You have to line up for shower. The bunk beds are not comfortable. You will hit your head when you sit on the lower bed. But it is convenience as it is located in King's Cross Station. Photos of Clink 261 Hostel All photos (58) Bedroom (22) Other (11) Room amenity (6) Bathroom (3) Where is Clink 261 Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Bloomsbury Square1.1 km British Museum1.2 km Oxford Circus2.2 km Leicester Square2.2 km Piccadilly Circus2.3 km Trafalgar Square2.4 km Getting Around London King's Cross0.3 km London St Pancras0.5 km London Russel Square0.8 km London Euston0.9 km London Hilton London Angel Islington1.3 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.4 km FAQs when booking at Clink 261 Hostel Is pricing at Clink 261 Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in London? The average rate for a night at Clink 261 Hostel is 67% less than the London average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Clink 261 Hostel is typically C$ 60, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in London. How close is Clink 261 Hostel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? There are 24.1 km between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Clink 261 Hostel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 18m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Clink 261 Hostel? For the most freedom while visiting London, consider renting a car for about C$ 34/day and parking it at Clink 261 Hostel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Clink 261 Hostel from the London city center? Clink 261 Hostel is 0.4 km away from the center of St. Pancras, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Clink 261 Hostel by various forms of transportation. What is the Clink 261 Hostel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Clink 261 Hostel please call +44 207 183 9400. Does Clink 261 Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Clink 261 Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Clink 261 Hostel? Check-out should be before 10:00 AM. For checking in at Clink 261 Hostel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Clink 261 Hostel, London? Prices at Clink 261 Hostel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 60, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 14. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Clink 261 Hostel have a laundry service? Clink 261 Hostel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Clink 261 Hostel from London Bridge? Clink 261 Hostel is a good place to stay to see London Bridge. It’s 3.2 km away. Is Clink 261 Hostel close to Nobu Portman Square? If you want to see Nobu Portman Square while visiting London, Clink 261 Hostel is just 3 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Clink 261 Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
