https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/ClinkNOORD.htm
Clinknoord Hostel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Clinknoord Hostel Clinknoord Hostel Hostel Badhuiskade 3, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 7,072 reviews 8.1 C$ 33 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Clinknoord Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Clinknoord Hostel Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Centraal Railway Station, ClinkNOORD provides guests with a convenient base when in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 202 149 731 All policies Amenities at Clinknoord Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Street parking Body soap Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Yoga Library Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Cycling Bingo Evening entertainment Karaoke Table tennis Pool table Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Clinknoord Hostel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 521 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel 7.3 Good Kattengat 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Expect comfort and thoughtful convenience at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel in the Netherlands. Ideally-located in the heart of central Amsterdam, our hotel offers easy access to celebrated historic landmarks, cultural treasures and modern entertainment. We are located only minutes away from the Amsterdam Central Station, the iconic Dam Square and Madame Tussauds. After exploring Amsterdam, unwind with a workout in our 24-hour fitness center or relax with a cocktail and tasty cuisine in our delicious onsite restaurants. In the evening, retreat to spacious accommodations with signature bedding, ergonomic workspaces, high-speed Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs. If planning events, take advantage of our hotel's modern meeting venues with over 14,000 square feet of space and hi-tech audiovisual equipment. Or, host an event in the historic 17th-century domed Koepelkerk building adjoining our hotel. We look forward to providing you with an unforgettable experience at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Clinknoord Hostel Sir Adam Hotel 8.8 Excellent Overhoeksplein 7, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Sir Adam Hotel is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Amsterdam Centre 7.6 Good Stationsplein 49, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, ibis Amsterdam Centre provides easy access to Amsterdam's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The various facilities this modern hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and a coffee bar. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Bunk Hotel Amsterdam 8.4 Excellent Hagedoornplein 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel BUNK Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam and is close to Dam Square. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals A-Train Hotel 8.5 Excellent Prins Hendrikkade 23, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently located, A-Train Hotel allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. A short stroll from Damrak, it provides modern rooms equipped with a refrigerator, a private bathroom and a flat-screen TV. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Clinknoord Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 7,072 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.0Friends 8.1Families 7.7Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date J 9.0 Excellent Jon*, Mar. 2017 1. excellent wifi 2. clean room 3. excellent facilities such as kitchen, common room and bar 4. resonable price Photos of Clinknoord Hostel All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Other (17) Bar (4) Bathroom (4) Where is Clinknoord Hostel Most Popular Landmarks NEMO1.3 km Royal Palace Amsterdam1.5 km Anne Frank Huis1.7 km Westerpark1.8 km Rijksmuseum3.0 km Heineken Experience3.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam Ijdok0.6 km Amsterdam Centraal0.6 km Amsterdam De Ruijterkade0.8 km Amsterdam Oosterdoksstraat0.8 km Amsterdam Piet Heinkade1.0 km Amsterdam Prins Hendrikkade1.2 km FAQs when booking at Clinknoord Hostel Is pricing at Clinknoord Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Amsterdam? There is a 69% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Amsterdam and the average nightly rate at Clinknoord Hostel. The rate at Clinknoord Hostel is just C$ 115/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Amsterdam. How close is Clinknoord Hostel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 12.6 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to Clinknoord Hostel. The average expected drive time from Clinknoord Hostel to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Clinknoord Hostel? For the most freedom while visiting Amsterdam, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Clinknoord Hostel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Clinknoord Hostel from the Amsterdam city center? Clinknoord Hostel is just 1 km away from the center of Haarlemmerbuurt, Amsterdam. From Clinknoord Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rijksmuseum. What is the Clinknoord Hostel phone number? For questions about Clinknoord Hostel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +31 202 149 731. Does Clinknoord Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Clinknoord Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Clinknoord Hostel? The standard check-out time at Clinknoord Hostel is 10:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Clinknoord Hostel, Amsterdam? Clinknoord Hostel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 115/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 18/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Clinknoord Hostel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Clinknoord Hostel, Amsterdam. The hostel also has a bar. Does Clinknoord Hostel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Clinknoord Hostel. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Clinknoord Hostel from Van Gogh Museum? The popular Van Gogh Museum is just over 3.3 km from Clinknoord Hostel. Is Clinknoord Hostel close to Anne Frank Huis? Clinknoord Hostel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Anne Frank Huis, which is 1.7 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Clinknoord Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
