https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Club_Quarters_Hotel_Midtown.htm
Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Hotel 40 West 45th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 2,424 reviews 7.9 C$ 200 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Club Quarters Hotel Midtown is situated in New York City and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, including the New York Public Library, Rockefeller Center and Times Square. It is surrou... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 354 6400 All policies Amenities at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor furniture Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Streaming service Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 409 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 810 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 668 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 356 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown City Club Hotel 7.5 Good 55 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel City Club Hotel New York City provides elegant 4-star accommodation in New York City. It is close to Times Square, restaurants and shops. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals The Hotel At Times Square 6.9 Good 59 West 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated close to Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station, The Hotel at Times Square provides guests with a convenient base when in New York City. It is located a brief stroll from Times Square, the New York Public Library and Rockefeller Center. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mela Times Square 7.0 Good 120 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, Hotel Mela offers 4-star accommodation and luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is close to Times Square, eateries and shops. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals The Gotham Hotel 8.3 Excellent 16 East 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station, The Gotham Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting New York City. It is situated a short stroll from The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 395 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 2,424 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 7.8Couples 7.8Solo 7.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown All photos (31) Bedroom (8) Other (7) Room amenity (5) Conference room (2) Where is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Most Popular Landmarks Bryant Park0.4 km Times Square0.5 km Grand Central Terminal0.5 km Broadway0.6 km Chrysler Building0.7 km Empire State Building0.9 km Getting Around New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.4 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.5 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.7 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.7 km New York 201 West 37th St0.8 km FAQs when booking at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Is pricing at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 399. The expected nightly rate for Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown is around C$ 367; a price that is 32% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in New York. How close is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.4 km drive between Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 49/day in New York. Luckily, Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown considered pet-friendly? Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown. How close is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown from the New York city center? Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown is 0.2 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 354 6400. Does Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown? Yes. You should consider staying at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown, New York? C$ 140 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown, with average deals around C$ 367 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown for opening and last order times. The hotel also has a bar. Does Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.4 km from Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown. Is Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown close to Times Square? 0.5 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
