https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Club_Quarters_Hotel_St_Pauls.htm
Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Hotel 24 Ludgate Hill, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 3,673 reviews 7.7 C$ 225 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Situated just a brief stroll from St Paul's Tube Station, Club Quarters Hotel St Paul's provides guests with a convenient base when visiting London. It is close to Saint Paul's Cathedral and London St... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 25.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 651 2200 All policies Amenities at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in London, Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul's provides luxury 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and an indoor pool. Only a short walk from Saint Paul's Cathedral, it offers modern rooms equipped with tea and coffee making facilities, a private bathroom and free wireless internet access. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Apex Temple Court Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1-2 Serjeants' Inn, Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Apex Temple Court Hotel is an elegant base when visiting London and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge London Southwark 6.9 Good 202-206 Union Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central London, and offers wireless internet and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Club Quarters Hotel, Gracechurch 7.4 Good 7 Gracechurch Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel This luxury hotel is situated in Central London, and offers laundry facilities, an express check-in and check-out feature and an executive floor. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Liverpool Street Station. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 3,673 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.7Friends 7.8Families 7.4Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's All photos (29) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (4) Room amenity (4) Dining room (3) Where is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Most Popular Landmarks London Bridge1.1 km Borough Market1.2 km Bloomsbury Square1.6 km London Eye1.7 km British Museum1.9 km Trafalgar Square2.0 km Getting Around London City Thameslink0.2 km London Blackfriars0.3 km London Farringdon0.7 km London Barbican0.8 km London Cannon Street0.9 km London Moorgate1.0 km FAQs when booking at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Is pricing at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's comparable to 4 star hotels in London? Nightly rates at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's will generally be 50% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in London. When staying at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 284/night, which is considered to be a good deal in London for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? The distance between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's is 25 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 19m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's. How close is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's from the London city center? Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's is 0.7 km away from the center of City of London, London. Consider visiting Wembley Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's by various forms of transportation. What is the Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's please call +44 207 651 2200. Does Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's? Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's, London? Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 284/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 150/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's? Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's, London. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's from Tower Bridge? Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's is a good place to stay to see Tower Bridge. It’s 2 km away. Is Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's close to London Bridge? Walking distance - there’s 1.1 km between London Bridge and Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
