https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Club_Quarters_Hotel_in_Boston.htm
Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Hotel 161 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 3,177 reviews 8.2 C$ 199 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Situated in Boston, just a short walk from South Station, Club Quarters Hotel in Boston offers 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. Thi... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 4.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 357 6400 All policies Amenities at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Smartphone dock Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Boston Omni Parker House Hotel 8.2 Excellent 60 School Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Boston Omni Parker House Hotel allows for easy access to Boston's main sightseeing areas. It also features a rooftop terrace and a fitness centre. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall 8.2 Excellent 89 Broad Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall provides modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from South Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals The Godfrey Hotel Boston 8.9 Excellent 505 Washington Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from South Station, The Godfrey Hotel Boston has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Boston. This chic hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Boston 8.3 Excellent 1 Avenue de Lafayette, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from South Station, Hyatt Regency Boston has an accessible location, making it an ideal base when visiting Boston. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 3,177 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 8.3Friends 8.1Families 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston All photos (27) Bedroom (10) Other (4) Room amenity (3) Building (2) Where is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Most Popular Landmarks Quincy Market0.5 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace0.5 km Boston Common0.7 km TD Garden1.2 km Copley Place2.0 km Prudential Center2.3 km Getting Around Boston TWS0.4 km Boston 85 Bedford St0.4 km Boston South Station0.5 km Boston State House0.5 km Boston Surface Artery at North St0.6 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave0.7 km FAQs when booking at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston How close is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston is 4.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston? Getting from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 60/day in Boston. Luckily, Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston. How close is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston from the Boston city center? Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston is just 0.1 km away from the center of Downtown, Boston. From Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston phone number? You can reach the front desk of Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston at +1 617 357 6400. Does Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston? Yes, there is a gym available to Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston? Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston, Boston? Usually Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston room prices are around C$ 217/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 157/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston? Yes - Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston, Boston. How far is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston from Museum of Science? The popular Museum of Science is just over 1.7 km from Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston. Is Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston close to New England Aquarium? New England Aquarium is also a popular place to see in Boston. It is 0.7 km from Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
