https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Coast_Coal_Harbour_Hotel_by_APA.htm
Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Hotel 1180 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,295 reviews 8.5 C$ 225 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Centrally positioned, Coast Coal Harbour Hotel by APA offers easy access to Vancouver's best sightseeing areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 697 0202 All policies Amenities at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Fishing Canoeing Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon Babysitting/child services (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service 24/7 concierge Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront 7.9 Good 1133 Hastings St W, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city and a five-minute walk from Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre, Pinnacle Hotel Vancouver Harbourfront provides comfort, convenience and quality service. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Cruise Ship Terminal. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Vancouver Marriott Pinnacle Downtown Hotel 8.1 Excellent 1128 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in the centre of Vancouver, this hotel features a relaxed restaurant and a night club. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 655 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hyatt Regency Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a few minutes on foot from Waterfront Station. This unique hotel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 1,295 verified guest reviews 8.6Couples 8.4Friends 8.5Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2017 good serviceabd spacious room Photos of Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa All photos (52) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (4) Banquet hall (3) Where is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km Waterfront Centre0.7 km BC Place Stadium1.5 km Rogers Arena1.5 km Metropolis at Metrotown11.3 km Granville Island Public Market2.0 km Getting Around Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.3 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.4 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.8 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.1 km FAQs when booking at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Is pricing at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? Nightly rates at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa will generally be 25% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Vancouver. When staying at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 241/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Vancouver for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa is 0.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa. Is there a pool at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa? Yes. Many people visiting Vancouver look for a hotel with a pool. Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa from the Vancouver city center? Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa is 0.1 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa by various forms of transportation. What is the Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa phone number? For questions about Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 697 0202. Does Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa? Yes, there is a gym available to Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa? Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa, Vancouver? Prices at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 241, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 79. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa? Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa from TELUS World of Science? Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa is about 2.1 km from TELUS World of Science, one of Vancouver’s most popular landmarks. Is Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa close to Rogers Arena? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Rogers Arena and Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
