https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Coast_Edmonton_Plaza_Hotel_by_APA.htm
Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Hotel 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,148 reviews 7.8 C$ 140 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It has a fitness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 423 4811 All policies Amenities at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Kid-friendly Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Continental breakfast Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Library Services A/V equipment rental Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Complimentary transportation Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Edmonton Downtown 7.8 Good 9576 Jasper Avenue NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Welcome to the new DoubleTree by Hilton Edmonton Downtown, offering vibrant and contemporary décor with great hospitality. Our hotel is adjacent to the Arts District with the Royal Alberta Museum, Winspear Centre, Citadel Theatre, and Art Gallery. Situated opposite River Valley, we are within walking distance to City Centre Mall and Rogers Place, restaurants and shopping. We’ll greet you at check-in with a warm DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Cookie and make you feel at home in our modern rooms and suites with an array of thoughtful amenities and attentive service. Enjoy complimentary WiFi access, a large HDTV and complimentary tea and coffee. All guest rooms have a sitting area and a sofa bed. Our suites offer a separate living area and extra welcoming amenities to make your stay even more special. Enjoy locally sourced ingredients with our restaurant’s inspired menu. Our Gallery Lounge and Bar is the place to enjoy a cocktail and a light bite with friends or colleagues after a long day or before a night on the town. Pick up healthy snacks, sweet treats, cold beverages and meals to cook up in your room at our Gift Shop, open 24/7. Work up a sweat in our on-site gym, or plunge into the indoor pool. Hold a conference or meeting in our 12,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space. Our 3,950 sq. ft. ballroom offers floor-to-ceiling windows with views of downtown or the beautiful River Valley. Take advantage of onsite parking with 200 heated parking stalls. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown 7.8 Good 10041-106 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown offers easy access to Edmonton's popular sightseeing areas. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Edmonton 7.0 Good 10425 100th Ave., Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Edmonton offers easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. It features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free wireless internet. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites 7.7 Good 10222 102 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites allows for easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,146 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 7.9Solo 7.9Couples 8.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA All photos (53) Bedroom (21) Bathroom (4) Pool (4) Conference room (3) Where is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Most Popular Landmarks Edmonton City Centre0.5 km Rogers Place0.5 km Edmonton Ski Club1.9 km South Edmonton Common10.6 km Ellerslie Rugby Park12.9 km Summerside Lake14.0 km Getting Around Edmonton 10014 104 St0.3 km Edmonton Welcome Center1.0 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre1.8 km Edmonton 11204 119 St2.7 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel2.8 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel3.0 km FAQs when booking at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Is pricing at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA comparable to 4 star hotels in Edmonton? Hotels in Edmonton that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 179/night, but on average, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA is available for 38% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA for C$ 149/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Edmonton. How close is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At just 26.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA is 0h 20m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA? Yes, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA from the Edmonton city center? Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA is just 1.3 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 780 423 4811. Does Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA? Yes. You should consider staying at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA? The standard check-out time at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA, Edmonton? On average, guests have been paying C$ 149 per night to stay at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 91 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA, Edmonton. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA have a laundry service? Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA from Commonwealth Stadium? Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA is a walkable distance (2.5 km) from Commonwealth Stadium, Edmonton. Is Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA close to Citadel Theatre? The distance from Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA to Citadel Theatre is 0.8 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
