https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Comfort_Inn_Suites_South.htm
Comfort Inn & Suites South, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Comfort Inn & Suites South Comfort Inn & Suites South Hotel 4611 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada GoodBased on 697 reviews 7.2 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Comfort Inn & Suites South Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Comfort Inn & Suites South Located within walking distance of 39 Avenue Railway Station, Comfort Inn & Suites South provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Calgary. It also offers a heated pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 13.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 287 7070 All policies Amenities at Comfort Inn & Suites South Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Water slide Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Comfort Inn & Suites South Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Comfort Inn & Suites South Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary South 7.5 Good 3828 Macleod Trail South East, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Erlton/Stampede Station, Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary South provides guests with a convenient base when in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Calgary Centre Inn 8.2 Excellent 3630 Macleod Trail South, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Best Western Plus Calgary Centre Inn provides 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It also features a Jacuzzi, a heated pool and a fitness centre. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Calgary South 6.7 Good 7012 Macleod Trail South, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Calgary South is located in Calgary and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arts 8.1 Excellent 119 12th Avenue Sw, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Hotel Arts is set in Calgary and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including Calgary Tower and the Glenbow Museum. It offers an outdoor pool and a day spa. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Comfort Inn & Suites South 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 697 verified guest reviews 6.9Families 7.4Couples 7.5Solo 7.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Comfort Inn & Suites South All photos (32) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (5) Outdoors view (4) Attractions (2) Where is Comfort Inn & Suites South Most Popular Landmarks Chinook Centre1.9 km Market Mall10.2 km Fish Creek Provincial Park12.3 km Canada Olympic Park13.0 km Bowness Park14.2 km Valley Ridge Golf Course16.3 km Getting Around Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station10.1 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills21.8 km Calgary 205 9 Ave SE3.6 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn3.9 km Calgary Roadking Travel Centre4.4 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne4.4 km FAQs when booking at Comfort Inn & Suites South Is pricing at Comfort Inn & Suites South comparable to 2 star hotels in Calgary? Nightly rates at Comfort Inn & Suites South will generally be 34% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Calgary. When staying at Comfort Inn & Suites South, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 107/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Calgary for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Comfort Inn & Suites South to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? There are 13 km between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Comfort Inn & Suites South. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Comfort Inn & Suites South? Comfort Inn & Suites South has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Calgary, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Calgary Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Calgary Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Comfort Inn & Suites South? Yes. Many people visiting Calgary look for a hotel with a pool. Comfort Inn & Suites South has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Comfort Inn & Suites South from the Calgary city center? Comfort Inn & Suites South is 3.5 km away from the center of Beltline, Calgary. Consider visiting McMahon Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Comfort Inn & Suites South by various forms of transportation. What is the Comfort Inn & Suites South phone number? The best way to contact Comfort Inn & Suites South is by calling +1 403 287 7070. Does Comfort Inn & Suites South have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Comfort Inn & Suites South has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Comfort Inn & Suites South? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Comfort Inn & Suites South. What is the check-out time at Comfort Inn & Suites South? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Comfort Inn & Suites South. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Comfort Inn & Suites South, Calgary? A good deal at Comfort Inn & Suites South right now is between C$ 91 and C$ 107 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Comfort Inn & Suites South have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Comfort Inn & Suites South, Calgary. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Comfort Inn & Suites South from Calgary Tower? Comfort Inn & Suites South is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Calgary Tower, Calgary. Is Comfort Inn & Suites South close to Stampede Park? The distance from Comfort Inn & Suites South to Stampede Park is 2.9 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Comfort Inn & Suites South Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
