https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Comfort_Inn_Fallsview.htm
Comfort Inn Fallsview, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 443 Comfort Inn Fallsview Comfort Inn Fallsview Hotel 6645 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 3,793 reviews 7.0 C$ 65 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Comfort Inn Fallsview Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Comfort Inn Fallsview Comfort Inn Fallsview is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Falls and Skylon Tower. Offering free Wi-Fi, a rest... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 32.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 358 9353 All policies Amenities at Comfort Inn Fallsview Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Cribs available Fire extinguisher EV charging station Elevator Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Garden Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private entrance Show more Activities Hiking Casino Fishing Golf Cycling Evening entertainment Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Comfort Inn Fallsview Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Comfort Inn Fallsview The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls 7.3 Good 6546 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Established in 2000 and situated in Niagara Falls City, The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls offers an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Horseshoe Falls, Fallsview Casino Resort and Niagara Falls. It is steps from Falls Incline Railway and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview 6.9 Good 6700 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Niagara Falls, Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview is set in a popular part of Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a Jacuzzi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Tower Hotel at Fallsview 7.4 Good 6732 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Tower Hotel at Fallsview is located in Niagara Falls City and is close to local attractions, such as Niagara College Maid of the Mist Campus, Niagara Falls and Fallsview Casino Resort. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls 7.5 Good 5943 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 152 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Comfort Inn Fallsview 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 3,793 verified guest reviews 6.9Families 7.2Solo 7.2Couples 7.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Comfort Inn Fallsview All photos (60) Bedroom (28) Building (10) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Where is Comfort Inn Fallsview Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.3 km Skylon Tower0.6 km Queen Victoria Park0.7 km Niagara Falls Tower0.8 km Niagara SkyWheel1.3 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.6 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino0.2 km Niagara Falls Table Rock0.4 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.6 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.1 km Niagara Falls3.5 km FAQs when booking at Comfort Inn Fallsview Is pricing at Comfort Inn Fallsview comparable to 3 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Nightly rates at Comfort Inn Fallsview will generally be 39% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Niagara Falls. When staying at Comfort Inn Fallsview, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 76/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Niagara Falls for a 3-stars hotel. Is there a pool at Comfort Inn Fallsview? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Niagara Falls often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Comfort Inn Fallsview for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Comfort Inn Fallsview from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Comfort Inn Fallsview. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Niagara Falls Tower, which you can get to from Comfort Inn Fallsview using any means of transportation. What is the Comfort Inn Fallsview phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Comfort Inn Fallsview please call +1 905 358 9353. Does Comfort Inn Fallsview have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Comfort Inn Fallsview has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Comfort Inn Fallsview? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Comfort Inn Fallsview. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Comfort Inn Fallsview, Niagara Falls? On average, guests have been paying C$ 76 per night to stay at Comfort Inn Fallsview. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 39 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Comfort Inn Fallsview? Yes - Comfort Inn Fallsview does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Comfort Inn Fallsview have a laundry service? Comfort Inn Fallsview does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Comfort Inn Fallsview from Skylon Tower? Comfort Inn Fallsview is about 0.6 km from Skylon Tower, one of Niagara Falls’s most popular landmarks. Is Comfort Inn Fallsview close to Marineland? 1.9 km - making Marineland a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Comfort Inn Fallsview. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 443 Comfort Inn Fallsview Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
