https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Comfort_Suites_Downtown_Montreal.htm
Comfort Suites Downtown, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Comfort Suites Downtown Comfort Suites Downtown Hotel 1214 Crescent Street, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,302 reviews 6.8 C$ 155 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Comfort Suites Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Comfort Suites Downtown Situated in the city centre, Comfort Suites Downtown Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The various amenities this modern hotel features include free Wi-... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 878 2711 All policies Amenities at Comfort Suites Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Comfort Suites Downtown Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Comfort Suites Downtown Novotel Montreal Centre 8.2 Excellent 1180 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Novotel Montreal Center allows for easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a saltwater pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Le Crystal Montreal is in a convenient location close to Bell Centre and Le Windsor. This property is ideally located in Downtown Montreal. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest, an IHG Hotel 8.5 Excellent 1390 Boulevard René-Lévesque Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa 7.3 Good 1240 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. It is moments from Bell Centre, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Comfort Suites Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,302 verified guest reviews 6.5Families 7.0Couples 7.0Friends 7.3Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Comfort Suites Downtown All photos (44) Bedroom (12) Building (5) Front desk (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Comfort Suites Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell0.4 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.4 km Place Ville-Marie0.7 km Place Bonaventure0.8 km Eaton Centre0.8 km Christ Church Cathedral0.9 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.8 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.8 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.4 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.6 km Montreal Bus2.4 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.6 km FAQs when booking at Comfort Suites Downtown How close is Comfort Suites Downtown to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Comfort Suites Downtown is 14.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 11m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Comfort Suites Downtown? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Comfort Suites Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Comfort Suites Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Comfort Suites Downtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is Comfort Suites Downtown considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Comfort Suites Downtown are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Comfort Suites Downtown from the Montreal city center? Comfort Suites Downtown is 0.4 km away from the center of Shaughnessy Village, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Comfort Suites Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Comfort Suites Downtown phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 878 2711. Does Comfort Suites Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Comfort Suites Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Comfort Suites Downtown? Comfort Suites Downtown does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Comfort Suites Downtown? Comfort Suites Downtown check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Comfort Suites Downtown, Montreal? C$ 120 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Comfort Suites Downtown, with average deals around C$ 160 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Comfort Suites Downtown have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Comfort Suites Downtown, Montreal. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Comfort Suites Downtown from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Vieux-Port de Montréal in Montreal is 2 km away from Comfort Suites Downtown. Is Comfort Suites Downtown close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, Comfort Suites Downtown is just 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Comfort Suites Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
