https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Conrad_London_St_James.htm
Conrad London St. James, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Conrad London St. James Conrad London St. James Hotel 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 695 reviews 8.8 C$ 384 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Conrad London St. James Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Conrad London St. James This elegant hotel is ideally located in Westminster and offers its guests free Wi-Fi. It is situated a short walk from Big Ben, Buckingham Palace and Palace of Westminster. This 5-star hotel... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport London Biggin Hill Distance to airport 22.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 203 301 8080 All policies Amenities at Conrad London St. James Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Quiet street view Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Safety deposit box Seating area Shampoo Shower Kitchen/Kitchenette Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Children's high chair Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Kids toys Bicycle rental Fitness centre Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Conrad London St. James Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals The Ampersand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 10 Harrington Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Ampersand Hotel is centrally located in London, a 4-minute walk from Natural History Museum and 12 minutes by foot from Hyde Park. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 342 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Conrad London St. James Park Plaza Victoria London 8.4 Excellent 239 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Big Ben, Park Plaza Victoria London offers luxury accommodation in London. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Apartments 10.0 Excellent London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Westminster, this property is a few minutes away from the Apollo Victoria Theatre. It is surrounded by a range of dining options and is minutes on foot from Victoria Coach Station. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals The Trafalgar St. James London, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.9 Excellent 2 Spring Gardens, Trafalgar Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Set in Westminster, this luxury hotel provides 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Trafalgar Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton London - Victoria 7.8 Good 2 Bridge Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in London, DoubleTree by Hilton London Victoria offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Apollo Victoria Theatre. It offers guests an ideal base with Victoria Coach Station only a 10-minute walk away. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Conrad London St. James 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 695 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.8Friends 8.9Couples 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date M 9.5 Excellent Mohammadd, Sep. 2017 furniture is new room size is not as expected Photos of Conrad London St. James All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Living room (8) Restaurant (8) Bathroom (7) Where is Conrad London St. James Most Popular Landmarks Buckingham Palace0.6 km Big Ben0.6 km Trafalgar Square1.0 km London Eye1.0 km Piccadilly Circus1.2 km Leicester Square1.2 km Getting Around London Westminster0.6 km London Millbank0.7 km London Westminster0.8 km London Victoria0.9 km London Charing Cross1.1 km London Embankment1.2 km FAQs when booking at Conrad London St. James Is pricing at Conrad London St. James comparable to 5 star hotels in London? Hotels in London that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 757/night, but on average, Conrad London St. James is available for 52% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Conrad London St. James for C$ 488/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit London. How close is Conrad London St. James to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At just 22.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to Conrad London St. James is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Conrad London St. James? Conrad London St. James has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in London, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from London Heathrow Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Conrad London St. James considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Conrad London St. James are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Conrad London St. James from the London city center? Conrad London St. James is just 0.3 km away from the center of Westminster, London. From Conrad London St. James you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Conrad London St. James phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 203 301 8080 to talk to a Conrad London St. James front desk representative. Does Conrad London St. James have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Conrad London St. James has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Conrad London St. James? Conrad London St. James does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Conrad London St. James? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Conrad London St. James. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Conrad London St. James, London? Conrad London St. James room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 488/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 299/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Conrad London St. James? Yes - Conrad London St. James does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Conrad London St. James have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Conrad London St. James, London. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Conrad London St. James from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at Conrad London St. James - you’ll be about 2.8 km away. Is Conrad London St. James close to London Bridge? Conrad London St. James is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit London Bridge, which is 3.3 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Conrad London St. James Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
