https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Conrad_New_York_Midtown.htm
Conrad New York Midtown, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Conrad New York Midtown Conrad New York Midtown Hotel 151 W 54th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 173 reviews 8.4 C$ 598 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Conrad New York Midtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Conrad New York Midtown Situated in Manhattan, Conrad New York Midtown offers luxury accommodation with state-of-the-art amenities. It is moments from the New York City Center and is near the area's well-known attractions an... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 21.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 307 5000 All policies Amenities at Conrad New York Midtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe City view Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Conrad New York Midtown Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 809 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Conrad New York Midtown Wellington Hotel 871 Seventh Ave, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Wellington Hotel New York City in Manhattan was built in 1910 and was recently refurbished. It is situated a brief stroll from Broadway, The Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. C$ 314 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel 7.6 Good 811 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This contemporary hotel is located in Manhattan, and offers a sauna, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. It is situated a short walk from Times Square, The Museum of Modern Art and Rockefeller Center. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals Park Central Hotel New York 7.6 Good 870 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Park Central Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 399 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Conrad New York Midtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 173 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 7.8Solo 8.9Couples 8.4Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Conrad New York Midtown All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Living room (15) Bathroom (7) Dining room (5) Where is Conrad New York Midtown Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.2 km Broadway0.4 km Times Square0.6 km Bryant Park1.2 km Grand Central Terminal1.2 km Chrysler Building1.4 km Getting Around New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.2 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.9 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.1 km New York Port Authority1.1 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.1 km FAQs when booking at Conrad New York Midtown Is pricing at Conrad New York Midtown comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 976/night, but on average, Conrad New York Midtown is available for 30% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Conrad New York Midtown for C$ 912/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is Conrad New York Midtown to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 21.8 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Conrad New York Midtown. The average expected drive time from Conrad New York Midtown to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Conrad New York Midtown? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Conrad New York Midtown considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Conrad New York Midtown. How close is Conrad New York Midtown from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Conrad New York Midtown. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Conrad New York Midtown using any means of transportation. What is the Conrad New York Midtown phone number? The best way to contact Conrad New York Midtown is by calling +1 212 307 5000. Does Conrad New York Midtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Conrad New York Midtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Conrad New York Midtown? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Conrad New York Midtown. What is the check-out time at Conrad New York Midtown? Conrad New York Midtown check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Conrad New York Midtown, New York? A good deal at Conrad New York Midtown right now is between C$ 392 and C$ 912 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Conrad New York Midtown? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Conrad New York Midtown for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Conrad New York Midtown have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Conrad New York Midtown. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Conrad New York Midtown from Rockefeller Center? Conrad New York Midtown is about 0.5 km from Rockefeller Center, one of New York’s most popular landmarks. Is Conrad New York Midtown close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Conrad New York Midtown is just 0.6 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Conrad New York Midtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
