https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Copthorne_Tara_Hotel_London_Kensington.htm
Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Hotel Scarsdale Place, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 8,187 reviews 6.8 C$ 123 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Located in Central London, this 4-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from Kensington High Street. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. This contemporary hotel provides a currency exchange, meeti... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.6 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 18.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 937 7211 All policies Amenities at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Snack bar Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Cromwell International Hotel 4.5 Okay 139-141 Cromwell Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated just a brief stroll from Gloucester Road Tube Station, Cromwell International Hotel offers guests a convenient base while in London. It is close to Gloucester Road. C$ 73 Avg. per night View Deals Ambassadors Hotel 16 Collingham Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Ambassadors Hotel London is within a 10-minute walk of Gloucester Road and the Baden-Powell House. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Park Grand London Kensington 8.0 Excellent 33-37 Hogarth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in London, this 4-star property is modern and elegant. It is located a short walk from Gloucester Road and Earls Court Exhibition Centre. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Ashburn Court Apartments 8.2 Excellent London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated close to Earl's Court Tube Station, Ashburn Court Apartments offers guests an ideal base while visiting London. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 8,185 verified guest reviews 6.8Friends 7.0Solo 6.7Families 6.8Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 8.2 Great Anonymous, Jul. 2018 Water from shower was not strong enough. water dripped from the bottom of sink. Requested a change of same category of room and succded. F 8.9 Great Florence Ria, Feb. 2017 Great Location. Lovely breakfast, warm staff. Would have appreciated a more equipped gym but would definitely staff again . Photos of Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Restaurant (7) Bathroom (5) Building (4) Where is Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Most Popular Landmarks Kensington Gardens1.3 km Hyde Park1.6 km Harrods1.9 km Buckingham Palace3.5 km Oxford Circus3.9 km Piccadilly Circus4.1 km Getting Around London Cromwell Road0.7 km London Earl's Court0.8 km London Earl's Court0.8 km London Royal Albert Hall0.9 km London Palace Gardens Terrace1.2 km London Palace Court1.2 km FAQs when booking at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Is pricing at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington comparable to 4 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 382. The expected nightly rate for Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington is around C$ 181; a price that is 65% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in London. How close is Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 18.6 km between Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington from the London city center? Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington is 0.6 km away from the center of Earls Court, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington by various forms of transportation. What is the Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington phone number? You can reach the front desk of Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington at +44 207 937 7211. Does Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington? Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington, London? Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 181/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 81/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington? Yes - Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington - you’ll be about 1.6 km away. Is Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington close to Nobu Portman Square? Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Nobu Portman Square, which is 3 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
