https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Country_Inn_Suites_by_Radisson_Niagara_Falls_ON.htm
Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Hotel 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 2,244 reviews 8.0 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also featu... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 32.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 374 6040 All policies Amenities at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Snack bar CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Casino Golf Fitness centre Pool table Services Ticket service Business centre Fax/photocopying Grocery deliveries Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Clifton Victoria Inn at the Falls 7.0 Good 5591 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Clifton Victoria Inn at the Falls is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It also provides a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyline Hotel & Waterpark 6.7 Good 4800 Bender Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Skyline Hotel & Waterpark is set in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of local attractions, including the Rainbow Bridge, Niagara Falls and Niagara River. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Niagara SkyWheel. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Acacia Bed and Breakfast 4485 Hiram Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Acacia Bed and Breakfast Niagara Falls City is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, such as Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. C$ 570 Avg. per night View Deals The Falls Hotel & Inn 6.8 Good 5657 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, The Falls Hotel & Inn is a short walk from Niagara Falls and features an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Stone Mill Inn 8.9 Excellent 271 Merritt Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Stone Mill Inn offers 3-star accommodation in Saint Catharines. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a laundry service and a lift. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 2,244 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.1Couples 7.9Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 5.5 Passable Anonymous, Sep. 2019 Beds & Matresses were not good. Full of Bed Bugs. Photos of Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON All photos (35) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (4) Living room (3) Pool (3) Where is Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Most Popular Landmarks Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.2 km Casino Niagara0.3 km Rainbow Bridge0.4 km Rainbow Tower0.4 km Bird Kingdom0.4 km Niagara SkyWheel0.5 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.2 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.6 km Niagara Falls1.8 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.9 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW4.6 km FAQs when booking at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Is pricing at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Nightly rates at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON will generally be 12% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Niagara Falls. When staying at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 115/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Niagara Falls for a 2-stars hotel. Is there a pool at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON? Yes, Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON from the Niagara Falls city center? Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON is just 1.2 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. From Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Niagara Falls Tower. What is the Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 905 374 6040 to talk to a Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON front desk representative. Does Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON? Yes. You should consider staying at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON, Niagara Falls? Prices at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 115, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 62. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON from Skylon Tower? You can walk to Skylon Tower while staying at Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON - you’ll be about 1.2 km away. Is Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON close to Marineland? Walking distance - there’s 3.2 km between Marineland and Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
