https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Courtyard_by_Marriott_Orlando_Airport.htm
Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Hotel 7155 North Frontage Road, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 298 reviews 8.2 C$ 191 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Situated in Orlando, Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport provides charming 3-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.9 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 3.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 240 7200 All policies Amenities at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Hot tub Snack bar Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Streaming service Services Conference rooms Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Key access Free airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham Orlando Airport North 7.7 Good 7160 North Frontage Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle service to Orlando International Airport, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi, the hotel is a comfortable base in Orlando. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and meeting rooms. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Orlando Airport, FL 7.5 Good 5440 Forbes Place, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Orlando Airport FL provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Orlando. It has a gym, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Orlando-International Airport 7.5 Good 5750 T.G. Lee Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Orlando, Holiday Inn Orlando International Airport offers modern 3-star accommodation, as well as outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It also provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Suites Orlando Airport 8.0 Excellent 7500 Augusta National Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute drive from Orlando International Airport, this comfortable hotel features a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 298 verified guest reviews 9.0Friends 8.3Solo 8.3Families 7.8Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport All photos (26) Bedroom (6) Building (3) Living room (3) Bar (2) Where is Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Most Popular Landmarks Amway Center11.3 km Mall at Millenia12.0 km Tinker Field12.6 km Gatorland14.6 km Aquatica14.9 km Universal's Islands of Adventure15.4 km Getting Around Orlando S Semoran Blvd1.1 km Orlando10.0 km Orlando S Rosalind Av and E Jackson St10.8 km Orlando Megabus Station10.9 km Orlando Orlando, Fl11.2 km Orlando Jet Set Terminal12.0 km FAQs when booking at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport How close is Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? At just 3.2 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport is 0h 02m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Orlando, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Orlando can always take the shuttle from Orlando Airport which is provided by Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Orlando. Is Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Orlando often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport from the Orlando city center? Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport is 1 km away from the center of Airport North, Orlando. Consider visiting Universal Orlando Resort, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 407 240 7200 to talk to a Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport front desk representative. Does Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport? Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport? The standard check-out time at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport, Orlando? C$ 130 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport, with average deals around C$ 200 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport? Yes, food can be ordered from the Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
