https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Courtyard_by_Marriott_Downtown_Toronto.htm
Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Hotel 475 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,615 reviews 8.0 C$ 221 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also offers an indoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. Courtyard by Marriott Downto... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Torrington Distance to airport 2017.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 924 0611 All policies Amenities at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Holiday Inn Toronto Downtown Centre 7.5 Good 30 Carlton Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Dundas Station. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals McGill Inn B&B 110 McGill Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, McGill Inn B&B allows for easy access to Toronto's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Chelsea Hotel Toronto 7.1 Good 33 Gerrard Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Toronto and is a short walk from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is ideally located in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals The Anndore House, Part Of Jdv By Hyatt 8.5 Excellent 15 Charles Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is located in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,615 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 7.9Families 8.1Friends 7.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto All photos (39) Bedroom (6) Banquet hall (6) Conference room (5) Lounge (4) Where is Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Most Popular Landmarks Toronto Eaton Centre0.9 km Massey Hall1.0 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres1.1 km Union Station1.9 km Downsview Park11.8 km Bloor Street West Annex2.0 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus0.7 km Toronto 34 Asquith Ave1.1 km Toronto Union Station1.9 km Toronto Weston11.3 km Toronto Downsview Park12.8 km Toronto Bishop Avenue13.6 km FAQs when booking at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Is pricing at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto comparable to 3 star hotels in Toronto? There is a 22% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Toronto and the average nightly rate at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto. The rate at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto is just C$ 243/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Toronto. How close is Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 19.1 km between Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto? For the most freedom while visiting Toronto, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto? Yes, Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto from the Toronto city center? The center of Downtown, Toronto, is just 1 km away from the front doors of Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto using any means of transportation. What is the Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto phone number? The best way to contact Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto is by calling +1 416 924 0611. Does Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto? Yes. You should consider staying at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto? Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto, Toronto? On average, guests have been paying C$ 243 per night to stay at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 163 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto? Yes - Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto does have a restaurant. Does Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto, Toronto. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto from Rogers Centre? The popular Rogers Centre is just over 2.4 km from Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto. Is Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto close to Royal Ontario Museum? If you want to see Royal Ontario Museum while visiting Toronto, Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto is just 1.2 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
