https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Courtyard_Boston_Copley_Square.htm
Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Hotel 88 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 128 reviews 8.3 C$ 232 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Commanding views of Back Bay, Courtyard Boston Copley Square is near Boston's well-known attractions. The various amenities this charming hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 437 9300 All policies Amenities at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Key card access Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Radio Raised toilet River view Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Copley Square Hotel 7.5 Good 47 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Copley Square Hotel provides a unique setting when in Boston. It is a stone's throw from Copley Square and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals The Lenox 9.1 Excellent 61 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is located minutes from the Boston Public Library in Boston. Only a short walk from Hynes Convention Center, it offers trendy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a refrigerator and an iPod docking station. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Copley Place, Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a bowling alley, the hotel is located in Boston and is a five-minute walk from Copley Square, Prudential Center and the Boston Public Library. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Charlesmark Hotel 7.8 Good 655 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Charlesmark Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to explore Boston and its surroundings. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 128 verified guest reviews 8.5Couples 8.5Solo 8.5Friends 7.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square All photos (33) Bedroom (6) Building (4) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Where is Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Most Popular Landmarks Copley Place0.1 km Prudential Center0.3 km Boston Common1.3 km Fenway Park1.5 km Museum of Fine Arts1.6 km TD Garden2.4 km Getting Around Boston Back Bay0.3 km Boston 39 Dalton Street0.5 km Boston Park Plaza1.0 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.4 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.5 km Boston State House1.6 km FAQs when booking at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Is pricing at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? In Boston, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 316. The expected nightly rate for Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square is around C$ 273; a price that is 36% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Boston. How close is Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 6.1 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square? Getting from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 60/day in Boston. Luckily, Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square from the Boston city center? Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square is just 0.2 km away from the center of Back Bay, Boston. From Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square phone number? For questions about Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 437 9300. Does Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square? Yes, there is a gym available to Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square? Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square, Boston? Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 273/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 193/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square? Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square does have a restaurant. Does Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square from Museum of Science? You can walk to Museum of Science while staying at Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square - you’ll be about 2.2 km away. Is Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square close to New England Aquarium? Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit New England Aquarium, which is 2.7 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
