https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Courtyard_Ottawa_East.htm
Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Hotel 200 Coventry Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 762 reviews 8.3 C$ 174 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Situated in Ottawa, the hotel features a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna, and is within a two-minute walk of Ottawa Baseball Stadium. It also has a gym, a beauty centre and an indoor pool. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 741 9862 All policies Amenities at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Scuba diving Fitness centre Tennis Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa 8.8 Excellent 100 Coventry Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hampton by Hilton Ottawa is located in Ottawa and offers an indoor pool. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Welcominns Ottawa 7.5 Good 1220 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and babysitting/child services. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa East 7.3 Good 1252 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa East is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and a currency exchange. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa 6.4 Good 475 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is located in Ottawa and provides free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 762 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.4Couples 8.4Solo 8.1Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East All photos (26) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (3) Kitchen (2) Living room (2) Where is Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Most Popular Landmarks St. Laurent Centre1.6 km Laurier House1.9 km Place D'Orleans Shopping Center12.6 km Rideau Carleton Raceway14.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery2.6 km Canadian Museum of Nature2.7 km Getting Around Ottawa0.6 km Ottawa Hurdman1.1 km Ottawa St Laurent1.4 km Ottawa Orléans12.5 km Ottawa Fallowfield14.9 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode2.0 km FAQs when booking at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East How close is Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At just 11 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East? Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East from the Ottawa city center? The center of Sandy Hill, Ottawa, is just 1.5 km away from the front doors of Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian War Museum, which you can get to from Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East using any means of transportation. What is the Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East please call +1 613 741 9862. Does Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East. What is the check-out time at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East? The standard check-out time at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East, Ottawa? A good deal at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East right now is between C$ 127 and C$ 167 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East from Laurier House? Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East is about 1.9 km from Laurier House, one of Ottawa’s most popular landmarks. Is Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East close to Canadian Museum of Nature? 2.7 km - making Canadian Museum of Nature a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
