https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Crash_Hotel_Downtown_Edmonton.htm
Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Hotel 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada C$ 1,182 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 719 3807 All policies Amenities at Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Gift shop Elevator Minibar Refrigerator Express check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Parking Hairdryer Services Concierge service All amenities Hotels Similar to Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites 7.7 Good 10222 102 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites allows for easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It has a fitness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Edmonton 8.1 Excellent 10135 100 St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally situated, The Westin Edmonton offers easy access to Edmonton's popular hot spots. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown 7.8 Good 10041-106 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown offers easy access to Edmonton's popular sightseeing areas. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks Edmonton City Centre0.2 km Rogers Place0.3 km Edmonton Ski Club1.9 km South Edmonton Common10.9 km Ellerslie Rugby Park13.1 km Summerside Lake14.2 km Getting Around Edmonton 10014 104 St0.6 km Edmonton Welcome Center0.8 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre1.6 km Edmonton 11204 119 St2.7 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel3.1 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel3.3 km FAQs when booking at Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton How close is Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? There are 26.9 km between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 20m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton is just 1.1 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton phone number? You can reach the front desk of Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton at +1 780 719 3807. Does Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton? The standard check-out time at Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How far is Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton from Commonwealth Stadium? The popular Commonwealth Stadium is just over 2.2 km from Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton. Is Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton close to Citadel Theatre? If you want to see Citadel Theatre while visiting Edmonton, Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton is just 0.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
