https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Crowne_Plaza_Times_Square.htm
Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Hotel 1605 Broadway, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 894 reviews 7.9 C$ 244 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Located in Manhattan, this 4-star hotel is within easy walking distance of the New York City Center, the Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center. Featuring views of Times Square, it also offers a... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport New York All airports Distance to airport 1.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 877 424 2449 All policies Amenities at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Aerobics Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Health club Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan W New York - Times Square 7.8 Good 1567 Broadway at 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is five minutes from Times Square. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center. C$ 373 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Edison Times Square 7.4 Good 228 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This art deco hotel is in Manhattan, only a five-minute walk to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals OYO Times Square 6.8 Good 157 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in New York City, OYO Times Square offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Times Square 7.6 Good 790 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. It provides good-value accommodation with free Wi-Fi access. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 894 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 7.3Solo 7.8Friends 7.9Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date S 9.3 Excellent sada, Jul. 2019 value for money, good breakfast, excellent location, clean room S 8.8 Great Shadi, May 2017 Good hotel, amazing location. Good rooms condition but bathroom is outdated. Very comfortable beds. F 8.4 Great Fahad, Apr. 2017 My experience was good in crowne plaza specially the location. Photos of Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Conference room (11) Banquet hall (8) Outdoors view (6) Where is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.1 km Broadway0.1 km Carnegie Hall0.7 km Bryant Park0.8 km Grand Central Terminal1.1 km Chrysler Building1.2 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.2 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.5 km New York Port Authority0.6 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.6 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.8 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.8 km FAQs when booking at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Is pricing at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in New York. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 461 per night in New York. Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan will run you C$ 419 per night, which is 33% cheaper than the New York average. How close is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 21.9 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan. The average expected drive time from Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 17m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan? Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan. Is there a pool at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to New York often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan from the New York city center? Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan is 0 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan by various forms of transportation. What is the Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan phone number? The best way to contact Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan is by calling +1 877 424 2449. Does Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan? Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan, New York? Usually Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan room prices are around C$ 419/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 138/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan? Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan - you’ll be about 0.5 km away. Is Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan is just 0.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
