https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Crowne_Plaza_Paris_Republique.htm
Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Hotel 10 Place De La Republique, Paris, France GoodBased on 1,378 reviews 7.8 C$ 223 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Within a two minute walk of Place de la Republique, Crowne Plaza Paris Republique is set in the heart of Paris. It is set amongst a range of dining options and is minutes on foot from Oberkampf Metro ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 15.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 43 14 43 50 All policies Amenities at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Continental breakfast Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Hibiscus Republique 66 Rue De Malte, Paris, France Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hibiscus Republique is located in Paris and features free Wi-Fi. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Oberkampf Metro Station. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Marais Hôme 8.2 Excellent 38 Boulevard Du Temple, Paris, France Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, Hotel Marais Home is located in Paris and is a brief walk from Cirque d'Hiver and Place de la Republique. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Oberkampf Metro Station. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Magenta 38 by Happyculture 8.0 Excellent 38, Boulevard De Magenta, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Hotel Magenta 38 by HappyCulture is situated in Paris and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Little Palace Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4 Rue Salomon De Caus, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Set in the heart of Paris, Little Palace Hotel is a short walk from Reaumur Sebastopol Metro Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,380 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.8Families 7.7Solo 7.6Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date A 8.9 Great Anonymous, Aug. 2018 the ladies working at the front desk are very nice, friendly and professional. they helped me to get a room at 12:30 and allowed me to do late check out at 14:00. I would like to give their service at 10 points. Photos of Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique All photos (53) Bedroom (19) Bar (8) Outdoors view (5) Other (5) Where is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Most Popular Landmarks Centre Pompidou1.2 km Notre Dame1.9 km Louvre Museum2.2 km Galeries Lafayette2.5 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.7 km Pantheon2.7 km Getting Around Paris République0.1 km Paris Arts Et Metiers0.7 km Paris Rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin0.8 km Paris Château d'Eau0.9 km Paris Église Saint-Laurent0.9 km Paris Réaumur-Sébastopol0.9 km FAQs when booking at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Is pricing at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? The average rate for a night at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique is 29% less than the Paris average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique is typically C$ 328, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Paris. How close is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 21.1 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique. The average expected drive time from Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique considered pet-friendly? Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique welcomes most household pets. How close is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique from the Paris city center? Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique is just 0.1 km away from the center of Republique, Paris. From Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as AccorHotels Arena. What is the Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique phone number? For questions about Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 43 14 43 50. Does Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique, Paris? Usually Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique room prices are around C$ 328/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 170/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique from Champs-Elysées? Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique is a walkable distance (3.8 km) from Champs-Elysées, Paris. Is Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique close to Louvre Museum? 2.2 km - making Louvre Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Crowne Plaza Paris - Republique Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
