https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Crowne_Plaza_Montreal_Airport.htm
Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Hotel 6600 Cote De Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 278 reviews 6.8 C$ 208 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Situated in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a sauna. It provides a spa and welln... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.2 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 5.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 344 1999 All policies Amenities at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Bowling Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 516 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport 2.3 Mediocre 7300 Chemin De La Cote-de-Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute drive from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Airport provides convenient and comfortable accommodation. It also offers an outdoor pool, a kids club and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal Airport Conference Centre 6.4 Good 4545 Boul. Cote-Vertu Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi, the hotel is a convenient base in Montreal. It also offers a swimming pool, meeting rooms and a ballroom. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ruby Foo's 7.4 Good 7655 Decarie Boulevard, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor heated pool and a sauna, Hotel Ruby Foo's is situated in Montreal and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of De La Savane Station. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal 6.3 Good 6445 Boulevard Decarie, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Located in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 751 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 278 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.0Couples 7.3Solo 6.1Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport All photos (35) Bedroom (7) Conference room (5) Banquet hall (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Most Popular Landmarks Place Bonaventure10.1 km Notre-Dame Basilica10.9 km Vieux-Port de Montréal11.2 km Marché Bonsecours11.4 km Parc Jean-Drapeau12.8 km La Ronde13.1 km Getting Around Montreal Central10.0 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque10.0 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance10.4 km Montreal Bus10.8 km Montreal Kirkland13.2 km Montreal Saint-Lambert14.6 km FAQs when booking at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Is pricing at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport comparable to 4 star hotels in Montreal? In Montreal, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 281. The expected nightly rate for Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport is around C$ 212; a price that is 44% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Montreal. How close is Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 5.2 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport is 0h 04m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport? Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Montreal can always take the shuttle from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport which is provided by Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport. Is there a pool at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport? Yes, Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport from the Montreal city center? Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport is just 2.7 km away from the center of Saint-Laurent, Montreal. From Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Vieux-Port de Montréal. What is the Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport please call +1 514 344 1999. Does Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport? Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport? Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport, Montreal? Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 212/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 152/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport? Yes - Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
