https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Czar_Lisbon_Hotel.htm
Czar Lisbon Hotel, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Czar Lisbon Hotel Czar Lisbon Hotel Hotel Av. Almirante Reis, 103, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,153 reviews 8.3 C$ 74 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Czar Lisbon Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Czar Lisbon Hotel Situated a brief drive from Rossio Square, Czar Lisbon Hotel offers modern accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. There ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 5.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 211 115 200 All policies Amenities at Czar Lisbon Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Czar Lisbon Hotel Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Czar Lisbon Hotel Hotel Luena 8.2 Excellent Rua Pascoal De Melo, 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Lisbon, Hotel Luena is within a 15-minute drive of Lisbon Portela Airport and offers a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Room Gani - Hostel Rua do Forno do Tijolo n 36, 5 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Room Gani is situated in Lisbon and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Suite Home 7.0 Good Rua da Palmira, 27, 1Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This comfortable guest house in Lisbon offers free wireless internet, as well as a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Czar Lisbon Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,153 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 8.5Friends 8.1Families 8.5Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Czar Lisbon Hotel All photos (18) Bathroom (4) Bedroom (4) Gym (3) Lobby (2) Where is Czar Lisbon Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Castelo de São Jorge1.6 km Jardim Botânico1.7 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.9 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.9 km Chiado Museum2.2 km Sé de Lisboa2.2 km Getting Around Lisbon Alameda0.8 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.9 km Lisbon Picoas1.1 km Lisbon Saldanha1.1 km Lisbon Av. da República1.4 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias1.4 km FAQs when booking at Czar Lisbon Hotel Is pricing at Czar Lisbon Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? Nightly rates at Czar Lisbon Hotel will generally be 53% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Lisbon. When staying at Czar Lisbon Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 114/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Lisbon for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Czar Lisbon Hotel to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With a distance of 5.2 km between Czar Lisbon Hotel and the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 04m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Czar Lisbon Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Czar Lisbon Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Czar Lisbon Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Czar Lisbon Hotel from the Lisbon city center? Czar Lisbon Hotel is just 0.3 km away from the center of Arroios, Lisbon. From Czar Lisbon Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Estádio José Alvalade. What is the Czar Lisbon Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Czar Lisbon Hotel is by calling +351 211 115 200. Does Czar Lisbon Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Czar Lisbon Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Czar Lisbon Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Czar Lisbon Hotel. What is the check-out time at Czar Lisbon Hotel? Czar Lisbon Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Czar Lisbon Hotel, Lisbon? Czar Lisbon Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 114/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 61/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Czar Lisbon Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Czar Lisbon Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Czar Lisbon Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Czar Lisbon Hotel. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Czar Lisbon Hotel from Sé de Lisboa? The popular Sé de Lisboa is just over 2.2 km from Czar Lisbon Hotel. Is Czar Lisbon Hotel close to Chiado Museum? Czar Lisbon Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Chiado Museum, which is 2.2 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Czar Lisbon Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
