https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Calgary_Northwest_Calgary.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Hotel 4420 16th Avenue Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,017 reviews 7.8 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Situated in Calgary, the hotel is an easy drive from Canada Olympic Park and Calgary Zoo. It has a fitness centre, as well as a bowling alley, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage ser... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.6 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 11.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 288 7115 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Cribs available Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Toothbrush Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Olympia Lodge 2.7 Mediocre 5020 16 Ave Nw, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, the motel is a short drive from Canada Olympic Park and Downtown Calgary. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals University of Calgary Accommodations and Events 169 University Gate North West, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of University C-Train Station, University of Calgary Accommodations and Events provides guests with a convenient base when in Calgary. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Haskayne School Of Business and Olympic Oval. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Village Park Inn 8.0 Excellent 1804 Crowchild Trail Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Located just a five-minute stroll from Banff Trail Railway Station, Best Western Plus Village Park Inn provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Calgary. Some of the popular facilities at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Motel Village 5.7 Okay 2440 16 Ave. N.W., Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Econo Lodge Motel Village is located in Calgary and is close to University Of Calgary. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,017 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 7.7Families 7.8Friends 8.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest All photos (18) Bedroom (7) Building (3) Bathroom (2) Front desk (2) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Most Popular Landmarks Olympic Oval1.8 km Market Mall1.8 km Chinook Centre10.1 km Heritage Park Historical Village10.3 km South Glenmore Park10.8 km Calaway Park14.0 km Getting Around Calgary Foothills Hospital1.7 km Calgary Roadking Travel Centre12.5 km Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station12.5 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne12.6 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station14.0 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino18.0 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Is pricing at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest comparable to 2 star hotels in Calgary? Nightly rates at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest will generally be 37% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Calgary. When staying at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 102/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Calgary for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? With no traffic, the 11.7 km drive between Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest and Calgary Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest? Getting from Calgary Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Calgary. Luckily, Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest from the Calgary city center? The center of Beltline, Calgary, is just 5.7 km away from the front doors of Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Calgary Tower, which you can get to from Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest using any means of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest please call +1 403 288 7115. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest? Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest, Calgary? C$ 72 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest, with average deals around C$ 102 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest from McMahon Stadium? You can walk to McMahon Stadium while staying at Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest - you’ll be about 2.8 km away. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest close to Olympic Oval? If you want to see Olympic Oval while visiting Calgary, Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest is just 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
