https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Calgary_Airport.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Hotel 2799 Sunridge Way NE, Calgary, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,008 reviews 7.3 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a beauty centre, a 24-hour reception and a sauna. This award-winning hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.7 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 6.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 250 3297 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Sauna Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Water slide Show more Activities Fitness centre Water park Water sport facilities (on site) Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Mini-market on site 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Four Points by Sheraton Calgary Airport 7.7 Good 2875 Sunridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a day spa that is equipped with a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Hotel Calgary, Trademark Collection by Wyndham 8.1 Excellent 2828 23 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Royal Hotel Calgary Trademark Collection by Wyndham provides a comfortable setting while in Calgary. It also features a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a fitness centre. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South 7.3 Good 3111 26 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South provides a comfortable setting while in Calgary. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary/Airport 6.6 Good 3030 Barlow Tr NE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features a free shuttle service. It also offers a 24-hour business centre, laundry facilities and a 24-hour reception. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 1,008 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 7.8Solo 7.1Friends 7.5Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date K 4.5 Mediocre Katherine , May 2017 very disappointed. The elevator wasn't working and the pool was closed during our stay. The breakfast food was cold and hard, like it had been made the night before and heated up. It has definitely gone down in quality since the last time we stayed. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport All photos (33) Bedroom (8) Pool (6) Bathroom (4) Buffet (4) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Most Popular Landmarks Market Mall11.1 km Heritage Park Historical Village12.3 km South Glenmore Park13.7 km Canada Olympic Park15.2 km Bowness Park15.5 km Valley Ridge Golf Course18.2 km Getting Around Calgary Westbrook Mall10.4 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino13.7 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station14.1 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills14.6 km Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station2.0 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne2.3 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Is pricing at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport comparable to 2 star hotels in Calgary? In Calgary, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 121. The expected nightly rate for Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport is around C$ 91; a price that is 44% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Calgary. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport is 6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport? Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Calgary, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Calgary Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. Is Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport during their stay. Is there a pool at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport? Yes. Many people visiting Calgary look for a hotel with a pool. Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport from the Calgary city center? Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport is 3.4 km away from the center of Bridgeland/Riverside, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport please call +1 403 250 3297. Does Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport, Calgary? C$ 69 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport, with average deals around C$ 91 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
