https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Edmonton_Downtown.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Hotel 10041-106 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,297 reviews 7.8 C$ 102 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Centrally situated, Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown offers easy access to Edmonton's popular sightseeing areas. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their sta... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 423 1925 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Quiet street view Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Golf Cycling Mini-golf Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Matrix Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10640 100 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Edmonton 7.0 Good 10425 100th Ave., Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Edmonton offers easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. It features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free wireless internet. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It has a fitness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,297 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 8.0Friends 8.0Solo 7.9Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown All photos (35) Bedroom (9) Lobby (4) Other (4) Gym (3) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Edmonton City Centre0.7 km Rogers Place0.8 km South Edmonton Common10.4 km Ellerslie Rugby Park12.6 km Summerside Lake13.8 km Edmonton Ski Club2.0 km Getting Around Edmonton 10014 104 St0.2 km Edmonton Welcome Center1.1 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre2.0 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel2.6 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel2.7 km Edmonton 11204 119 St2.8 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Is pricing at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown comparable to 2 star hotels in Edmonton? The average rate for a night at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown is 17% less than the Edmonton average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown is typically C$ 100, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Edmonton. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 26.3 km drive between Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 20m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown from the Edmonton city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown is 1.4 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown phone number? For questions about Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 780 423 1925. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown, Edmonton? Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 100/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 44/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown for opening and last order times. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown from Commonwealth Stadium? You can walk to Commonwealth Stadium while staying at Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown - you’ll be about 2.8 km away. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown close to Citadel Theatre? Citadel Theatre is also a popular place to see in Edmonton. It is 1 km from Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
