https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Niagara_Falls_Near_The_Falls.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Hotel 5943 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 3,246 reviews 7.5 C$ 55 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is conveniently loca... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 32.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 374 3333 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Fire extinguisher Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Microwave Indoor pool Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Niagara's Best Inn 5.7 Okay 5284 Ferry Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Best Inn is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and provides a sauna and an indoor pool. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Niagara Falls 8.0 Excellent 5950 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Niagara Falls City, Courtyard by Marriott Niagara Falls is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and provides a sauna and an outdoor pool. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Quality Inn & Suites 5.4 Okay 5234 Ferry Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Quality Inn & Suites Niagara Falls City is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of local landmarks, including Skylon Tower, Casino Niagara and Niagara Falls. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham by the Falls / Niagara Falls 7.8 Good 5905 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham by the Falls Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also provides a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 3,246 verified guest reviews 7.7Friends 7.5Couples 7.4Families 7.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls All photos (17) Bedroom (6) Building (2) Outdoors view (2) Pool (2) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Falls Tower0.4 km Niagara SkyWheel0.4 km Skylon Tower0.5 km Queen Victoria Park0.5 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.7 km Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.8 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.7 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.0 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.3 km Niagara Falls2.5 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.8 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Is pricing at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Hotels in Niagara Falls that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 97/night, but on average, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is available for 40% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls for C$ 79/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls? Yes. Many people visiting Niagara Falls look for a hotel with a pool. Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is 0.6 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls phone number? The best way to contact Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is by calling +1 905 374 3333. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls, Niagara Falls? C$ 43 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls, with average deals around C$ 79 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls from Skylon Tower? Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is a walkable distance (0.5 km) from Skylon Tower, Niagara Falls. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls close to Marineland? Marineland is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 2.8 km from Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
