https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Ottawa_West.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Hotel 350 Moodie Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,565 reviews 7.4 C$ 118 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is located in Ottawa and provides a Jacuzzi. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, valet parking and meeting rooms. Luggage storage, an atm... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.9 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 12.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 726 1717 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower chair Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Ottawa West-Nepean, An IHG Hotel 8.2 Excellent 2055 Robertson Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Ottawa and offers an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western PLUS Ottawa Kanata Hotel & Conference Centre 7.3 Good 1876 Robertson Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, the hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, a ballroom and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata 7.4 Good 222 Hearst Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata 8.6 Excellent 1251 Maritime Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 5.3 km from current hotel Located under a 20-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata offers guests an ideal base when in Ottawa. Some of the popular features at this 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 1,565 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.6Solo 7.5Couples 7.2Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West All photos (31) Bedroom (8) Restaurant (4) Room amenity (4) Building (3) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Most Popular Landmarks Commissioners Park12.8 km Canadian War Museum13.9 km Lansdowne Park14.7 km Bank Street Promenade15.0 km Canadian Museum of Nature15.1 km Confederation Park15.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Bus Terminal14.4 km Ottawa Central14.5 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon14.8 km Ottawa Kent / Queen14.9 km Ottawa Slater / Bank15.1 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe15.3 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Is pricing at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? The average rate for a night at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is 27% less than the Ottawa average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is typically C$ 122, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Ottawa. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At just 12.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West? Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Ottawa, renting a car for around C$ 55/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Ottawa Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West from the Ottawa city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West is 5.3 km away from the center of Kanata, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian War Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 726 1717 to talk to a Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West front desk representative. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West? Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West, Ottawa? A good deal at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West right now is between C$ 82 and C$ 122 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West? Yes, food can be ordered from the Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa West Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
