https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_Suites_by_Wyndham_West_Edmonton.htm
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Hotel 10010 179a St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 522 reviews 7.7 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Located in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and offers an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and chec... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.9 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 8.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 444 4440 All policies Amenities at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Hyatt Place Edmonton West 8.3 Excellent 18004 100 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring complimentary wireless internet, an around the clock reception and free on-site parking, Hyatt Place Edmonton West is located in Edmonton and has comfortable guest rooms. The multiple facilities this contemporary hotel features include a Jacuzzi, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Hotel West Edmonton, Trademark Collection by Wyndham 8.0 Excellent 10010 178 St NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Royal Hotel West Edmonton Trademark Collection by Wyndham is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Quality Inn West Edmonton 7.6 Good 17803 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, Quality Inn West Edmonton is an easy drive from University Of Alberta and provides on-site parking. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 522 verified guest reviews 7.9Couples 7.6Families 7.8Solo 7.8Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton All photos (22) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (2) Kitchen (2) Living room (2) Where is Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks West Edmonton Mall1.8 km Galaxyland1.8 km Edmonton Ski Club10.3 km Commonwealth Stadium10.5 km Northlands Coliseum12.1 km South Edmonton Common14.1 km Getting Around Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South10.5 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.1 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites11.3 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall11.8 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw12.4 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel6.8 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Is pricing at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? There is a 34% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Edmonton and the average nightly rate at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton. The rate at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton is just C$ 113/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Edmonton. How close is Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? There are 25.8 km between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 20m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is there a pool at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton? Yes. Many people visiting Edmonton look for a hotel with a pool. Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton is just 9.9 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton phone number? The best way to contact Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton is by calling +1 780 444 4440. Does Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton? Yes, Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton? Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton, Edmonton? Prices at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 113, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 88. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton? Yes - Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton from Galaxyland? The popular Galaxyland is just over 1.8 km from Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
