https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Las_Vegas_Wild_Wild_West_Gambling_Hall.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Hotel 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States OkayBased on 203 reviews 5.8 C$ 49 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. The hotel has a gym with a swimmi... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.3 km Rating 5.8 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 3.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 740 0000 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Safe Sauna Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Coffee shop Hot tub Microwave Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Casino Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center 8.9 Excellent 4920 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 212 Avg. per night View Deals Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium 6.7 Good 5085 South Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute drive from McCarran International Airport, Motel 6 Las Vegas - I-15 provides convenient and modern accommodation. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Luxor Las Vegas offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Park MGM Las Vegas 8.2 Excellent 3770 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Set on the Vegas strip, Park MGM Las Vegas features 3 swimming pools as well as the 5,200 seat Park Theater hosting a full line-up of shows and entertainment. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's popular tourist attractions. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 457 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 203 verified guest reviews 6.4Solo 4.4Friends 3.3Families 7.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall All photos (21) Bedroom (5) Pool (3) Casino (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Most Popular Landmarks T-Mobile Arena0.6 km Crystals at City Center1.3 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.5 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.5 km Fountains of Bellagio1.6 km Sam's Town11.0 km Getting Around Las Vegas Excalibur0.8 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio1.2 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.2 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.9 km Las Vegas Greyhound North12.2 km Las Vegas Lds Temple17.0 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 3.5 km drive between Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall and Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 02m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Las Vegas often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall from the Las Vegas city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall is 1.7 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall phone number? For questions about Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 740 0000. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall? Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall, Las Vegas? A good deal at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall right now is between C$ 13 and C$ 79 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall that can be used by guests. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall from Fountains of Bellagio? Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 1.6 km away. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall close to Thomas and Mack Center? 3.6 km - making Thomas and Mack Center a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
