https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Ottawa.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Hotel 319 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,956 reviews 6.8 C$ 152 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa This pet-friendly hotel is located in Ottawa and offers a Jacuzzi. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. This modern hotel offers family facilities, s... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 789 5555 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Mosquito net Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Washing machine Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 271 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Barefoot Hostel 8.6 Excellent 455 Cumberland Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Barefoot Hostel - Women Only provides guests with an ideal base when in Ottawa. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and luggage storage. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Les Suites Hotel Ottawa 7.9 Good 130 Besserer Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Mackenzie King Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa 6.4 Good 475 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is located in Ottawa and provides free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,956 verified guest reviews 6.5Families 6.9Friends 6.7Couples 7.1Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa All photos (32) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (6) Building (3) Living room (3) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Most Popular Landmarks Laurier House0.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.6 km Rideau Centre0.7 km Confederation Park1.0 km Bank Street Promenade1.6 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.9 km Getting Around Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.5 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.7 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.7 km Ottawa 1 George St0.8 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe1.3 km Ottawa Slater / Bank1.5 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa is 11.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 09m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 57/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa during their stay. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa from the Ottawa city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa is 0.5 km away from the center of Byward Market, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa please call +1 613 789 5555. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa, Ottawa? Usually Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa room prices are around C$ 164/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 117/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa, Ottawa. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa from Canadian War Museum? Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa is a good place to stay to see Canadian War Museum. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa is just 0.5 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
