https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Vancouver_Downtown.htm
Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Hotel 921 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,718 reviews 6.5 C$ 146 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is located conveniently in Vancouver and is within walking distance of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyar... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 6.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 681 4335 All policies Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Library Beach access Bicycle rental Cycling Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Auberge Vancouver Hotel 8.7 Excellent 837 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in the heart of Vancouver, Auberge Vancouver Hotel is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. This unique hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Hotel Le Soleil 8.3 Excellent 567 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Le Soleil by Executive Hotels provides luxury accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal, Fairmont Pacific Rim provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. This luxury hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Waterfront 8.3 Excellent 900 Canada Place Way, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, The Fairmont Waterfront is only a five-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal. Located in the city centre, the hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's popular tourist hot spots. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.5 OkayBased on 1,718 verified guest reviews 6.3Families 6.2Couples 7.0Solo 6.5Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date K 9.3 Excellent Kayleen, May 2018 Very pleasant older hotel. Perfect for the tired traveler. Close to downtown. Clean and very friendly helpful staff. Photos of Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown All photos (30) Bedroom (9) Room amenity (4) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.3 km Waterfront Centre0.3 km BC Place Stadium1.1 km Rogers Arena1.1 km TELUS World of Science1.7 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.7 km Getting Around Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.2 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.4 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.0 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.1 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is 0.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown? Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown from the Vancouver city center? Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is 0.5 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 681 4335 to talk to a Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown front desk representative. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown? Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 164 per night to stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 89 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown from TELUS World of Science? Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is about 1.7 km from TELUS World of Science, one of Vancouver’s most popular landmarks. Is Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown to Rogers Arena is 1.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
