https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Days_Inn_by_Wyndham_Victoria_Uptown.htm
Days Inn Victoria Uptown, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Days Inn Victoria Uptown Days Inn Victoria Uptown Hotel 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,064 reviews 7.5 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Days Inn Victoria Uptown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Days Inn Victoria Uptown Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their s... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 22.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 388 6611 All policies Amenities at Days Inn Victoria Uptown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Sea view EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Iron and ironing board Oven Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Days Inn Victoria Uptown Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Days Inn Victoria Uptown Robin Hood Inn & Suites 8.4 Excellent 136 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable motel in Victoria offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as a concierge and bicycle rental. It also features a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Victoria 123 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Victoria offers 3-star accommodation in Victoria. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 976 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson Hotel by Wyndham Victoria 1.0 Poor 310 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Victoria provides a comfortable setting when in Victoria. It also features a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 535 Avg. per night View Deals Mayfair Motel 650 Speed Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, Mayfair Motel is a convenient base in Victoria. It is a 10-minute drive from BC Ferries and has free public parking on site. C$ 646 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel 8.1 Excellent 642 Johnson Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is a historic setting while in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. Only a short stroll from BC Ferries, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with movies-on-demand, a refrigerator and a kitchenette. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Days Inn Victoria Uptown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 1,064 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.5Solo 7.6Couples 7.4Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date S 7.5 Good sheri, Jan. 2018 The bed was not that comfortable and the chairs were not that comfortable. Photos of Days Inn Victoria Uptown All photos (24) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Other (2) Where is Days Inn Victoria Uptown Most Popular Landmarks Gorge Vale Golf Course1.5 km Bear Mountain Golf Club11.5 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre2.1 km Victoria Harbour2.2 km Open Space Arts Society2.2 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf2.3 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at Finlayson0.9 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.4 km Victoria Saanich at Blanshard1.6 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.8 km Victoria Douglas at View2.3 km Victoria Ferry2.4 km FAQs when booking at Days Inn Victoria Uptown How close is Days Inn Victoria Uptown to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With a distance of 2.3 km between Days Inn Victoria Uptown and the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Days Inn Victoria Uptown? Days Inn Victoria Uptown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Days Inn Victoria Uptown considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Days Inn Victoria Uptown during their stay. Is there a pool at Days Inn Victoria Uptown? Yes, Days Inn Victoria Uptown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Days Inn Victoria Uptown from the Victoria city center? Days Inn Victoria Uptown is 1 km away from the center of Burnside, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Days Inn Victoria Uptown by various forms of transportation. What is the Days Inn Victoria Uptown phone number? For questions about Days Inn Victoria Uptown and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 250 388 6611. Does Days Inn Victoria Uptown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Days Inn Victoria Uptown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Days Inn Victoria Uptown? Days Inn Victoria Uptown check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Days Inn Victoria Uptown, Victoria? A good deal at Days Inn Victoria Uptown right now is between C$ 84 and C$ 117 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Days Inn Victoria Uptown? Yes - Days Inn Victoria Uptown does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Days Inn Victoria Uptown have a laundry service? Days Inn Victoria Uptown does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Days Inn Victoria Uptown from Emily Carr House? You can walk to Emily Carr House while staying at Days Inn Victoria Uptown - you’ll be about 3.4 km away. Is Days Inn Victoria Uptown close to Royal Theatre? The distance from Days Inn Victoria Uptown to Royal Theatre is 2.6 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Days Inn Victoria Uptown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
