https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Delano_Las_Vegas_at_Mandalay_Bay.htm
Delano Las Vegas, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Delano Las Vegas Delano Las Vegas Resort 3940 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 826 reviews 8.1 C$ 179 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Delano Las Vegas Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Delano Las Vegas Delano Las Vegas at Mandalay Bay provides a modern setting when in Las Vegas. Guests also have exclusive access to the Bathhouse Spa and Bathhouse Gym. Delano Las Vegas at Mandalay Bay provid... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.8 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 632 7888 All policies Amenities at Delano Las Vegas Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Key access 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Delano Las Vegas Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Delano Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino 8.1 Excellent 3950 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Featuring its very own Shark Reef Aquarium, as well as an 11-acre sand beach and 5 pools, Mandalay Bay offers an impressive range of entertainment options, right on the Las Vegas Strip. It is also within walking distance of Las Vegas's popular tourist spots. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Luxor Las Vegas offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Wynn Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It is steps from Wynn Las Vegas, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 351 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Delano Las Vegas 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 826 verified guest reviews 8.3Couples 8.1Solo 8.4Friends 7.9Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Delano Las Vegas All photos (41) Bedroom (10) Lounge (5) Restaurant (4) Living room (3) Where is Delano Las Vegas Most Popular Landmarks Shark Reef Aquarium0.4 km T-Mobile Arena1.2 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.5 km Crystals at City Center1.8 km Sam's Town10.3 km TPC Summerlin15.4 km Getting Around Las Vegas Excalibur0.8 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio0.9 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Greyhound North12.8 km Las Vegas Lds Temple16.7 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd17.9 km FAQs when booking at Delano Las Vegas How close is Delano Las Vegas to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 2.3 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to Delano Las Vegas. The average expected drive time from Delano Las Vegas to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Delano Las Vegas? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Delano Las Vegas considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Delano Las Vegas. Is there a pool at Delano Las Vegas? Yes, Delano Las Vegas has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Delano Las Vegas from the Las Vegas city center? The center of The Strip, Las Vegas, is just 2.4 km away from the front doors of Delano Las Vegas. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Discovery Children's Museum, which you can get to from Delano Las Vegas using any means of transportation. What is the Delano Las Vegas phone number? For questions about Delano Las Vegas and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 632 7888. Does Delano Las Vegas have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Delano Las Vegas has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Delano Las Vegas? Yes, there is a gym available to Delano Las Vegas guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Delano Las Vegas? Delano Las Vegas check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Delano Las Vegas, Las Vegas? A good deal at Delano Las Vegas right now is between C$ 39 and C$ 367 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Delano Las Vegas? Delano Las Vegas does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Delano Las Vegas have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Delano Las Vegas, Las Vegas. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Delano Las Vegas from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at Delano Las Vegas - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Delano Las Vegas close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.1 km from Delano Las Vegas. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Delano Las Vegas Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
