https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Delta_Hotels_by_Marriott_Prince_Edward.htm
Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Hotel 18 Queen Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 304 reviews 8.6 C$ 187 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. There are a variety of facil... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 6.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 566 2222 All policies Amenities at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, The Holman Grand Hotel is located in Charlottetown and is a five-minute stroll from St. Dunstan's Basilica and Province House. It also offers a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Inn on the Harbour 9.2 Excellent 3 Hillsborough Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Charlottetown, Inn on the Harbour Charlottetown is a short walk from Province House and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Mermaid Suites 143 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Mermaid Suites is situated in Charlottetown and is a short stroll from Province House and St. Dunstan's Basilica. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Glendenning Hall 9.4 Excellent 331 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Glendenning Hall at Holland College is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as Province House. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 304 verified guest reviews 8.5Couples 8.5Solo 8.6Families 8.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward All photos (51) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (8) Banquet hall (6) Conference room (5) Where is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Most Popular Landmarks The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.4 km PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.7 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.8 km FAQs when booking at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward How close is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Charlottetown Airport, and Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward is 6.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. Is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Charlottetown often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward from the Charlottetown city center? Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward is just 0.8 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 902 566 2222. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward? Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward, Charlottetown? Usually Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward room prices are around C$ 214/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 156/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward, Charlottetown. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward from Confederation Centre of the Arts? Confederation Centre of the Arts in Charlottetown is 0.4 km away from Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward. Is Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation and Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
