https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Delta_Hotels_by_Marriott_Whistler_Village_Suites.htm
Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Hotel 4308 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 527 reviews 8.1 C$ 274 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, boutiques and restaurants, Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites is ideal for those wanting to discover Whistler and its surround... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 905 3987 All policies Amenities at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Cleaning products Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Horse riding Tennis Mini-golf Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Playground Hiking Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski equipment rental (on site) Ski school Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Ski storage Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza 4314 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza is a comfortable base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Pinnacle Hotel Whistler 8.2 Excellent 4319 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Pinnacle Hotel Whistler is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel 8.9 Excellent 4359 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler provides 4-star accommodation in Whistler. It also features a swimming pool, a ski school and a sauna. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Alpenglow Lodge by Elevate Vacations 8.1 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Moments from Whistler Blackcomb, Alpenglow Lodge by Elevate Vacations is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 275 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 527 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 7.9Couples 8.2Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites All photos (33) Bedroom (6) Living room (6) Pool (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Marketplace0.3 km Whistler Golf Club0.4 km Whistler Blackcomb0.8 km Callaghan Valley14.0 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.2 km Nita Lake3.4 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.1 km Whistler Village3.4 km FAQs when booking at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Is pricing at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites comparable to 4 star hotels in Whistler? Nightly rates at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites will generally be 32% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Whistler. When staying at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 580/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Whistler for a 4-stars hotel. Is Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites? Yes, Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites phone number? For questions about Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 905 3987. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites? Yes, there is a gym available to Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites? Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites, Whistler? Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 580/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 201/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites, Whistler. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
