https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Delta_Hotels_by_Marriott_Victoria_Ocean_Pointe_Resort.htm
Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Hotel 100 Harbour Road, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 511 reviews 8.2 C$ 278 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Situated in Victoria, the hotel is within a 35-minute drive of Victoria International Airport and offers an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts. It is conveniently located for those wanting to sight... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 24.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 360 2999 All policies Amenities at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Fitness centre Squash Table tennis Outdoor tennis Hiking Services A/V equipment rental Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Inn at Laurel Point 8.4 Excellent 680 Montreal Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a bowling alley, Inn at Laurel Point is located in Victoria and offers comfortable accommodation. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Victoria 516 Yates Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, the hotel is a comfortable base in Victoria. It is surrounded by a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Swans Brewery, Pub and Hotel 7.8 Good 506 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Swans Brewery Pub & Hotel is located in Victoria and features free Wi-Fi. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Chinatown and Victoria City Hall. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor/outdoor connecting pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA is located in Victoria and offers modern accommodation. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 511 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.2Couples 7.3Solo 7.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort All photos (52) Bedroom (8) Living room (6) Other (6) Balcony (4) Where is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Most Popular Landmarks Victoria Harbour0.4 km Open Space Arts Society0.5 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf0.7 km Fisherman's Wharf Park0.7 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.3 km Bear Mountain Golf Club12.6 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry0.5 km Victoria Douglas at View0.8 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.0 km Victoria Bus Station1.0 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.3 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.1 km FAQs when booking at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Is pricing at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? In Victoria, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 256. The expected nightly rate for Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort is around C$ 299; a price that is 13% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Victoria. How close is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? At just 0.4 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort during their stay. Is there a pool at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort? Yes, Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort from the Victoria city center? Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort is just 0.5 km away from the center of Victoria West, Victoria. From Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 250 360 2999. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort, Victoria? C$ 183 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort, with average deals around C$ 299 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort? Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort, Victoria. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort from Emily Carr House? Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort is a good place to stay to see Emily Carr House. It’s 1.5 km away. Is Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort close to Royal Theatre? Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Theatre, which is 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
