https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Desert_Paradise_Resort_By_Diamond_Resorts.htm
Desert Paradise Resort, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Desert Paradise Resort Desert Paradise Resort Resort 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 1,674 reviews 9.1 C$ 122 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Desert Paradise Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Desert Paradise Resort Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. More Good to Know To Downtown 10.8 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 5.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 579 3600 All policies Amenities at Desert Paradise Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Fan Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Dining room First-aid kit Additional bathroom Hot tub Microwave Outdoor pool Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Washing machine Kitchenette Storage available Private parking DVD player Show more Activities Game room Fitness centre Pool table Services Ticket service Business centre Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Desert Paradise Resort Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Desert Paradise Resort Tahiti All-Suite Resort 8.3 Excellent 5101 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Tahiti Vacation Club is located in Las Vegas and is close to Palms Casino Resort. It also offers an outdoor pool, a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals The Orleans Hotel & Casino 7.5 Good 4500 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated just a short stroll from Orleans Arena, this themed hotel offers both a restaurant and a bar. Popular facilities, such as a bowling alley and an outdoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Las Vegas. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Club de Soleil All-Suite Resort 7.7 Good 5625 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Club de Soleil is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Westgate Flamingo Bay Resort 8.3 Excellent 5625 West Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Westgate Flamingo Bay Resort is located in Las Vegas and is close to Palms Casino Resort. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Wynn Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It is steps from Wynn Las Vegas, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 351 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Desert Paradise Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 1,676 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 9.1Couples 9.1Families 8.7Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Desert Paradise Resort All photos (32) Bedroom (5) Living room (5) Pool (5) Building (4) Where is Desert Paradise Resort Most Popular Landmarks Fremont Street Experience10.1 km TPC Summerlin12.8 km Sam's Town13.2 km T-Mobile Arena2.8 km Shark Reef Aquarium3.0 km Crystals at City Center3.4 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall10.4 km Las Vegas Greyhound North13.5 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd18.9 km Las Vegas Lds Temple19.1 km Las Vegas Excalibur3.0 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio3.4 km FAQs when booking at Desert Paradise Resort How close is Desert Paradise Resort to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Desert Paradise Resort is 5.3 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Desert Paradise Resort? Desert Paradise Resort has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Desert Paradise Resort guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at Desert Paradise Resort? Yes, Desert Paradise Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Desert Paradise Resort from the Las Vegas city center? Desert Paradise Resort is 2.4 km away from the center of West of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Thomas and Mack Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Desert Paradise Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Desert Paradise Resort phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Desert Paradise Resort please call +1 702 579 3600. Does Desert Paradise Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Desert Paradise Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Desert Paradise Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Desert Paradise Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Desert Paradise Resort? Desert Paradise Resort check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Desert Paradise Resort, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 204 per night to stay at Desert Paradise Resort. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 55 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Desert Paradise Resort? Yes, food can be ordered from the Desert Paradise Resort restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Desert Paradise Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Desert Paradise Resort. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Desert Paradise Resort from Fountains of Bellagio? Desert Paradise Resort is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Fountains of Bellagio, Las Vegas. Is Desert Paradise Resort close to Colosseum at Caesars Palace? If you want to see Colosseum at Caesars Palace while visiting Las Vegas, Desert Paradise Resort is just 3.8 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Desert Paradise Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
