https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dormy_Inn_Seoul_Gangnam.htm
Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Hotel 134, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 2,110 reviews 8.9 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam This comfortable hotel in Seoul offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a 24-hour reception. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. There are a range of ameni... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 8.9 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2548 5489 All policies Amenities at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower chair Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Ice maker Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Pyjamas Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Brailled elevators Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Public bath Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Hotel Samjung 8.0 Excellent 150, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, Hotel Samjung is located in Seoul and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Sinnonhyeon Subway Station (Line 9). C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Ocloud Hotel Gangnam 8.0 Excellent 12, Sapyeong-daero 58-gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Ocloud Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals New Hilltop Hotel 645, Nonhyeon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Nonhyeon Subway Station (Line 7), New Hilltop Hotel offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Imperial Palace Seoul is located under a 10-minute stroll from Gangnam-gu Office Station Subway Station (Line 7) and offers air conditioned rooms with a hydromassage shower, a mini bar and a hydro-massage bathtub. It provides free Wi-Fi, and also features a golf course. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 2,111 verified guest reviews 8.8Solo 8.8Friends 8.8Families 8.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Jul. 2018 It was super nice hotel. Room was really clean and tidy, bathroom was also nice. Sauna which I could use was really great. I really want to come back this hotel again. Photos of Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam All photos (44) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (9) Room amenity (5) Buffet (4) Where is Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Most Popular Landmarks COEX Mall2.6 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium4.0 km Dongdaemun Market7.2 km Dongdaemun Gate7.5 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool8.7 km Gyeongbokgung Palace9.3 km Getting Around Seoul Sangbong11.3 km Seoul Yongsan6.3 km Seoul Bus7.4 km Seoul Cheongnyangni8.6 km FAQs when booking at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Is pricing at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 143 per night in Seoul. Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam will run you C$ 130 per night, which is 33% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.2 km drive between Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam? Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam from the Seoul city center? Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam is just 0.9 km away from the center of Nonhyeon-dong, Seoul. From Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam phone number? For questions about Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +82 (0) 2548 5489. Does Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam? Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam, Seoul? Prices at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 130, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 91. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam? There is a restaurant located in Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam, Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
