https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dormy_Inn_Premium_Tokyo_Kodenmacho.htm
Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Hotel 2-3, Nihonbashikodenmacho, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 381 reviews 8.6 C$ 136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Located in Tokyo, Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is within a 20-minute drive of Haneda Airport and offers a sauna. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, an all-hours reception and ma... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 356 145 489 All policies Amenities at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tatami (traditional Japanese flooring) Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna Toothbrush Pyjamas Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Drying rack for clothing Storage available Show more Activities Massage Public bath Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Hotel Mystays Kanda 8.1 Excellent 1-2-2 Iwamoto-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It also provides laundry facilities, a laundry service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Ai Hotel Nihonbashi 11-19 Tomizawacho, Nihonbashi, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Ai Hotel Nihonbashi is situated in Tokyo and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular nightlife options and is minutes on foot from Ningyocho Station. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Nihombashi Muromachi Bay Hotel 7.6 Good 2-4-7 Honcho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, just a five-minute walk to Mitsukoshi. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Ici Hotel Kanda By Relief 8.4 Excellent 1-9-15 Kajicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, and offers a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Mitsukoshi and Bank of Japan. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 381 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.6Couples 8.7Families 8.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho All photos (27) Bedroom (7) Other (5) Spa (2) Room amenity (2) Where is Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town1.0 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.4 km Ueno Koen2.8 km Tokyo Dome2.9 km Senso-ji3.2 km Asakusa Jinja3.3 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.3 km Tokyo1.4 km Tokyo1.5 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit1.9 km Tokyo Ueno2.6 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal6.7 km FAQs when booking at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Is pricing at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is 62% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is typically C$ 150, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 15.7 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho. The average expected drive time from Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho from the Tokyo city center? Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is just 2.1 km away from the center of Chiyoda, Tokyo. From Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Asakusa Jinja. What is the Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho phone number? The best way to contact Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is by calling +81 356 145 489. Does Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho, Tokyo? C$ 84 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho, with average deals around C$ 150 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho? There is a restaurant located in Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho, Tokyo. How far is Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho from Tokyo Dome? Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is a good place to stay to see Tokyo Dome. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho close to Akihabara Electric Town? Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Akihabara Electric Town, which is 1 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
