https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_Fallsview_Resort_Spa_by_Hilton_Niagara_Falls.htm
DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Resort 6039 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,733 reviews 7.9 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of local landmarks, including Skylon Tower, Queen Victoria Park and Niagara Fal... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 78.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 358 3817 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool Key card access Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Spa and wellness centre Raised toilet River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Falls Lodge and Suites 7.0 Good Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Falls Inn & Suites is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, including Queen Victoria Park and Niagara Falls. It provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Niagara Falls/Fallsview 6.1 Good 6045 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ramada by Wyndham Niagara Falls Fallsview is set in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Queen Victoria Park, Niagara Falls and Skylon Tower. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Diplomat Inn 6.6 Good 5983 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Diplomat Inn is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to local attractions, such as Niagara Falls and Queen Victoria Park. It also offers a currency exchange, an outdoor pool and luggage storage. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Old Stone Inn Boutique Hotel 7.2 Good 6080 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Niagara Falls City, Old Stone Inn Boutique Hotel is a five-minute walk from Niagara Falls and offers an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is ideally located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,733 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 8.2Couples 7.7Friends 7.6Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls All photos (60) Bedroom (10) Restaurant (7) Conference room (6) Lobby (6) Where is DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Falls Tower0.3 km Skylon Tower0.4 km Queen Victoria Park0.5 km Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.6 km Niagara SkyWheel0.7 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.1 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino0.8 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.0 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.1 km Niagara Falls2.9 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.5 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Is pricing at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls comparable to 4 star hotels in Niagara Falls? There is a 56% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Niagara Falls and the average nightly rate at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls. The rate at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls is just C$ 141/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls? Yes, DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls is 0.6 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 905 358 3817. Does DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls? DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls? DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls? DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 141/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 111/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls? Yes, food can be ordered from the DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls from Skylon Tower? DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls is a walkable distance (0.4 km) from Skylon Tower, Niagara Falls. Is DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls close to Marineland? Walking distance - there’s 2.6 km between Marineland and DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
