https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_Quebec_Resort.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Hotel 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 963 reviews 8.4 C$ 166 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Located in Quebec City, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort is within a 25-minute drive of Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport and provides an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It also off... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.6 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 12.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 627 8008 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Safety deposit box Fan Feather pillow Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Secured parking Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Adapted bath First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Soundproof rooms Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Sauna Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Explore Canada's oldest city from the comfort of Delta Hotels Québec. Belonging to Québec City's downtown core, our contemporary family hotel is a short walk to Old Québec (Vieux-Québec) where historic monuments still stand. Visit Battlefields Park, Civilisation Museum and National Museum of Fine Arts along with local crêperies and wine bars. Our city centre location also places you next door to Québec City Convention Centre and the business district. During your stay, sit down to flavourful meals at our newly renovated Le Bistro, get active at our fitness centre and swim all year round at our outdoor heated pool. Host any event, from small gatherings to 600-person galas, at our 14 light-filled venues. Whatever brings you to Québec, spend your trip in a spacious room or suite filled with modern décor, soft beds, a mini-fridge, free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV with premium cable. Delta Hotels Québec welcomes business travelers and groups to our warm haven in La Belle Province. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations 8.6 Excellent 5 Place de la Rencontre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 4.8 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, Hotel-Musee Premieres Nations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City 8.4 Excellent 900 Rue Des Rocailles, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.8 km from current hotel Boasting an indoor pool, Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City is located in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Times Hotel 7.7 Good 5100, Boulevard Des Galeries, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.9 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, Grand Times Hotel provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel & Suites Normandin Quebec 8.4 Excellent 4700, Boulevard Pierre-Bertrand, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from current hotel Hotel & Suites Normandin Quebec is located in Quebec City and features free wireless internet. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and luggage storage. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel 71 Quebec City provides easy access to Quebec City's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers free bicycle rental, valet parking and free Wi-Fi. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 963 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.5Solo 8.6Friends 8.4Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort All photos (58) Bedroom (14) Lobby (8) Bathroom (5) Building (5) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Most Popular Landmarks Museum of Civilization11.0 km Plains of Abraham11.1 km Place Royale11.1 km Dufferin Terrace11.1 km Quartier Petit Champlain11.2 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency11.9 km Getting Around Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne10.0 km Québec City Gare du Palais10.2 km Québec City St-Augustin10.5 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts11.0 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy11.0 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station11.0 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? There are 12 km between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort from the Québec City city center? The center of Notre-Dame-des-Laurentides, Québec City, is just 1.5 km away from the front doors of DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Place Royale, which you can get to from DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort using any means of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort phone number? The best way to contact DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort is by calling +1 418 627 8008. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort? DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort, Québec City? A good deal at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort right now is between C$ 128 and C$ 168 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort? Yes, food can be ordered from the DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort have a laundry service? DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
