https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_Montreal.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Hotel 1255 Jeanne Mance Street, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,029 reviews 8.1 C$ 244 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal is located in Montreal and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, a sauna and an indoor pool. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 285 1450 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Spa and wellness centre Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Swimming pool toys Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Cycling Fitness centre Playground Pool table Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown 8.5 Excellent 380 Blvd. Rene Levesque O, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Quartier des Spectacles 6.8 Good 17 St-Catherine West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is located in Montreal and is close to Underground City. It provides free wireless internet and is moments from Saint Catherine Street and tourist attractions. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Centre 6.8 Good 50 René-Lévesque St. West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, this 3-star property is modern and unique. It is located just a short stroll from plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Abri du Voyageur 6.8 Good 9, Rue Ste-Catherine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Abri du Voyageur is a cosy setting when in Montreal and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 1,029 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.3Friends 8.1Couples 8.0Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal All photos (60) Bedroom (10) Restaurant (10) Conference room (9) Bathroom (5) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Christ Church Cathedral0.5 km Eaton Centre0.6 km Place Ville-Marie0.7 km Notre-Dame Basilica0.8 km Place Bonaventure0.8 km Vieux-Port de Montréal1.0 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.6 km Montreal Central0.8 km Montreal Bus1.0 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.3 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.8 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 15.3 km drive between DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 11m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal. Is there a pool at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal? Yes. Many people visiting Montreal look for a hotel with a pool. DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal from the Montreal city center? DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal is 0.2 km away from the center of Quartier des Spectacles, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal by various forms of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 285 1450. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal? Yes. You should consider staying at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal, Montreal? C$ 159 per night is the best price found recently for a room at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal, with average deals around C$ 268 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal? There is a restaurant located in DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal have a laundry service? DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal - you’ll be about 1 km away. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal is just 1.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 DoubleTree by Hilton Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
