https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_Hotel_Suites_Victoria.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Hotel 777 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 358 reviews 8.2 C$ 245 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Featuring an infinity pool and free wired internet, the hotel is situated in Victoria and is a short stroll from Inner Harbour and the Greater Victoria Public Library. It is moments from Victoria Conf... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 940 3100 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Table tennis Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Chateau Victoria Hotel and Suites 8.4 Excellent 740 Burdett Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Victoria International Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, shops and nightlife options. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour 8.0 Excellent 728 Humboldt Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Victoria Railway Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Victoria. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia 8.1 Excellent 805 Gordon Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as complimentary wireless internet, The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is a comfortable place to stay in Victoria. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, restaurants and shops. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Strathcona Hotel 7.7 Good 919 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Treating guests to a rooftop beach club with a volleyball court and a BBQ area with city views, Strathcona Hotel is convenient positioned in Victoria. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, eateries and shops. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 358 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.0Friends 8.4Families 8.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Living room (10) Outdoors view (8) Building (7) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.5 km Victoria Harbour0.6 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.1 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.3 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.3 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.5 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station0.2 km Victoria Douglas at View0.4 km Victoria Ferry0.7 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.1 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.7 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.6 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With a distance of 0.5 km between DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria and the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria? For the most freedom while visiting Victoria, consider renting a car for about C$ 34/day and parking it at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria during their stay. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria from the Victoria city center? The center of Downtown, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria using any means of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria phone number? You can reach the front desk of DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria at +1 250 940 3100. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria? DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria, Victoria? A good deal at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria right now is between C$ 134 and C$ 249 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria, Victoria. The hotel also has a bar. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria, Victoria. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria from Emily Carr House? DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria is a walkable distance (1 km) from Emily Carr House, Victoria. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria close to Royal Theatre? Walking distance - there’s 0.3 km between Royal Theatre and DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
