https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_West_Edmonton.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Hotel 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 303 reviews 8.2 C$ 159 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Situated in Edmonton, DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton offers 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. It also provides a hair salon, massage services and a ballroom. More Good to Know To Downtown 8.4 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 27.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 484 0821 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Additional bathroom Indoor pool Additional toilet Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Coffee machine TV Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Dining table Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Beauty salon All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Edmonton Downtown 7.9 Good 9576 Jasper Avenue NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Welcome to the new DoubleTree by Hilton Edmonton Downtown, offering vibrant and contemporary décor with great hospitality. Our hotel is adjacent to the Arts District with the Royal Alberta Museum, Winspear Centre, Citadel Theatre, and Art Gallery. Situated opposite River Valley, we are within walking distance to City Centre Mall and Rogers Place, restaurants and shopping. We’ll greet you at check-in with a warm DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Cookie and make you feel at home in our modern rooms and suites with an array of thoughtful amenities and attentive service. Enjoy complimentary WiFi access, a large HDTV and complimentary tea and coffee. All guest rooms have a sitting area and a sofa bed. Our suites offer a separate living area and extra welcoming amenities to make your stay even more special. Enjoy locally sourced ingredients with our restaurant’s inspired menu. Our Gallery Lounge and Bar is the place to enjoy a cocktail and a light bite with friends or colleagues after a long day or before a night on the town. Pick up healthy snacks, sweet treats, cold beverages and meals to cook up in your room at our Gift Shop, open 24/7. Work up a sweat in our on-site gym, or plunge into the indoor pool. Hold a conference or meeting in our 12,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space. Our 3,950 sq. ft. ballroom offers floor-to-ceiling windows with views of downtown or the beautiful River Valley. Take advantage of onsite parking with 200 heated parking stalls. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Home2 Suites by Hilton West Edmonton, Alberta, Canada 8.5 Excellent 16675 109th Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Edmonton and offers an indoor pool. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Staybridge Suites West Edmonton 8.5 Excellent 16929 109th Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, the hotel is a short drive from West Edmonton Mall and provides free public parking on site. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton 7.6 Good 17610 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton provides vibrant 3-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Quality Inn West Edmonton 7.6 Good 17803 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, Quality Inn West Edmonton is an easy drive from University Of Alberta and provides on-site parking. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 303 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.2Solo 8.1Friends 8.5Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Bathroom (12) Living room (11) Banquet hall (4) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks Northlands Coliseum10.1 km Century Casino12.1 km South Edmonton Common14.5 km Ellerslie Rugby Park15.5 km Summerside Lake17.7 km Telus World of Science2.9 km Getting Around Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South10.3 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall10.7 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.1 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw12.6 km Edmonton 11204 119 St5.3 km Edmonton5.7 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Is pricing at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton comparable to 4 star hotels in Edmonton? In Edmonton, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 173. The expected nightly rate for DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton is around C$ 162; a price that is 31% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Edmonton. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At just 27.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton is 0h 21m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton? Getting from Edmonton Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton. Is there a pool at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton is 8.4 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton by various forms of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton please call +1 780 484 0821. Does DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton? Yes, there is a gym available to DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton, Edmonton? Usually DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton room prices are around C$ 162/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 126/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton? There is a restaurant located in DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton from Telus World of Science? You can walk to Telus World of Science while staying at DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton - you’ll be about 2.9 km away. Is DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton close to Galaxyland? Walking distance - there’s 3.6 km between Galaxyland and DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
