https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_Toronto_Downtown.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Hotel 108 Chestnut Street, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 4,112 reviews 7.5 C$ 205 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown This 4-star hotel provides modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. After a day of sightseeing or sho... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Torrington Distance to airport 2017.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 977 5000 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Stovetop Swimming pool toys Telephone Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Desk Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Marriott Downtown at CF Toronto Eaton Centre 8.4 Excellent 525 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in lively Downtown Toronto, just five minutes from Toronto Coach Terminal, the hotel provides a rooftop pool, outdoor tennis courts and indoor tennis courts. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel 7.9 Good 123 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel The hotel provides modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Chelsea Hotel Toronto 7.1 Good 33 Gerrard Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Toronto and is a short walk from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is ideally located in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Toronto 7.6 Good 145 Richmond Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hilton Toronto allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property have access to a sauna, a swimming pool and an indoor pool. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 4,112 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo 7.5Couples 7.5Friends 7.4Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Conference room (9) Bathroom (5) Banquet hall (5) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Toronto Eaton Centre0.4 km Massey Hall0.6 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.6 km Union Station1.1 km CN Tower1.3 km Scotiabank Arena1.4 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus0.2 km Toronto Union Station1.1 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.7 km Toronto 34 Asquith Ave1.9 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.3 km Toronto Weston11.4 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Is pricing at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? There is a 38% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Toronto and the average nightly rate at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown. The rate at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown is just C$ 244/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Toronto. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? There are 18.9 km between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 14m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown? For the most freedom while visiting Toronto, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown. Is there a pool at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown from the Toronto city center? The center of Toronto Islands, Toronto, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown using any means of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown phone number? The best way to contact DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown is by calling +1 416 977 5000. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown? Yes. You should consider staying at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown? DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown, Toronto? DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 244/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 157/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown? DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown from Rogers Centre? DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown is a good place to stay to see Rogers Centre. It’s 1.5 km away. Is DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown close to Royal Ontario Museum? The distance from DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown to Royal Ontario Museum is 1.6 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
