https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_by_Hilton_at_the_Entrance_to_Universal_Orlando.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Hotel 5780 Major Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 5,558 reviews 8.2 C$ 139 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Located a brief drive from Universal Studios Florida, DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando offers modern accommodation in Orlando. It also features a Jacuzzi, an executive floor a... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.2 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 15.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 351 1000 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Elevator Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Spa bath Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Game room Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Holiday Inn & Suites Across From Universal Orlando 6.2 Good 5905 South Kirkman Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, Holiday Inn & Suites Orlando Universal is located in Orlando and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Clarion Inn & Suites Across From Universal Orlando Resort 7.7 Good 5829 Grand National Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Clarion Inn & Suites Across From Universal Orlando Resort offers 3-star accommodation in Orlando. It provides free Wi-Fi, an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place across from Universal Orlando Resort 7.9 Good 5976 Caravan Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Orlando, Hyatt Place across from Universal Orlando Resort provides modern 3-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Orlando Theme Parks - Major Blvd 6.6 Good 5620 Major Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Extended Stay America - Orlando Theme Parks - Major Blvd is located in Orlando and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 5,557 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.0Families 8.1Solo 8.1Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Jun. 2018 There was a sign in the bathroom regarding re-using towels to save natural resources but no towel rails to hang your towel so I had to throw used towels straight on the floor and get new ones everyday. Couldn't pull out the over bath clothesline. Asked Housekeeping about it and was told there was no line in it. There possibly was a hook on the back of the bathroom door but whatever was once there was gone leaving flaking paint and a hole in the door. Only light in the bathroom was the back light in the mirror which was insufficient so had to keep the door open to get a bit of light The bed was comfy. Ample TV channels but the TV reception would drop out when storms were around the hotel and there were storms everyday. Shuttle to the theme parks was OK but the staff operating the Universal desk, where you got your shuttle ticket, were painfully slow to the point of causing people to miss the shuttle. Dining options weren't particularly enticing. A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Apr. 2017 Great! Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando All photos (48) Restaurant (6) Bathroom (5) Living room (5) Bedroom (4) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Most Popular Landmarks Universal Orlando Resort1.2 km Universal's Islands of Adventure1.4 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter1.6 km Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets10.6 km Magic Kingdom Park13.8 km Gatorland14.5 km Getting Around Orlando Double Tree Hilton0.1 km Orlando Holiday Inn0.2 km Orlando International Drive Orlando0.6 km Orlando Super Tours Terminal1.7 km Orlando 1777 Mccoy Rd10.2 km Orlando Orlando, Fl10.3 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Is pricing at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando comparable to 4 star hotels in Orlando? There is a 48% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Orlando and the average nightly rate at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando. The rate at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando is just C$ 192/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Orlando. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Orlando Airport, and DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando is 15.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando? DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Orlando, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Orlando Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Orlando Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Orlando often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando for pool rules and guidelines. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando from the Orlando city center? DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando is 1.1 km away from the center of Windhover, Orlando. Consider visiting Bob Carr Theater, a popular landmark that can be accessed from DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando by various forms of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando phone number? The best way to contact DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando is by calling +1 407 351 1000. Does DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando? Yes. You should consider staying at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando? DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando, Orlando? On average, guests have been paying C$ 192 per night to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 70 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando? Yes - DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando, Orlando. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando from Universal Orlando Resort? The popular Universal Orlando Resort is just over 1.2 km from DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando. Is DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando close to Holy Land Experience? DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Holy Land Experience, which is 3.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
