https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/DoubleTree_By_Hilton_Istanbul_Moda.htm
DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda, Istanbul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Hotel Caferaga Mh Albay F Sozdener Cd 31, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 2,330 reviews 7.8 C$ 159 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda This modern Istanbul hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Iskele Camii Tram Station. It also offers a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. Guests can enjoy the outdoors on the terra... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Istanbul Distance to airport 39.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +90 216 542 4344 All policies Amenities at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Free valet parking Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Solarium Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services A/V equipment rental Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Top Istanbul hotels Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent 8.7 Excellent Buyukdere Street No 177 - 183 Sisli, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map With a stay at Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent, you'll be centrally located in Istanbul, steps from Ozdilek Park Istanbul and within a 10-minute walk of Kanyon Mall. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Istanbul? This hotel has facilities measuring 62431 square feet (5800 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 276 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Quasar Istanbul 8.9 Excellent Buyukdere Caddesi, 76, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map A city with a rich history and colorful culture, Istanbul has always been a favorite destination for travelers from around the world. If you are planning to visit this wonderful city soon, you can make your stay worthwhile by choosing Fairmont Quasar Istanbul, where luxury heritage meets eclectic energy. Located in the city center, Fairmont Quasar Istanbul is a five-star luxury hotel that provides a unique experience to its guests that come to stay, celebrate, or do business. C$ 339 Avg. per night View Deals Elite World Business Hotel 8.5 Excellent Gültepe Mah Sehit Zafer Kiziltas Sk No 1, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map The Elite World Business Hotel is a 5-star hotel located in Florya on the E5 Highway. It offers an indoor swimming pool and a spa that guests can use free of charge. Free WiFi is available throughout the premises. Featuring a mix of neoclassical and baroque architecture, the air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen TV with satellite and pay-per-view channels, a stocked minibar and an electric kettle. Each unit also includes a seating area, working desk and a safety deposit box. The restaurants at the property offer a mix of Turkish specialities and international cuisines. A buffet breakfast is served daily. Guests can unwind with coffee and cake at Coffee Company or enjoy the music at One Bar with a drink. The spa and health centre offers facilities including a sauna, a gym and a Turkish bath, as well as a Vitamin Bar serving healthy snacks and fruit juices. Guests can also benefit from the concierge desk and business centre on-site. CNR Expo Centre and Istanbul World Trade Centre are an 11 minute drive away. Istanbul Airport is 45 km from the Elite World Business Hotel. The Airport Metro Line provides easy access to various parts of the city. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Hotel & Convention Center Istanbul 7.8 Good Yenidogan Mahallesi Erciyes Sokak No:7 Bayrampasa, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map With a stay at Windsor Hotel & Convention Center, you'll be centrally located in Istanbul, within a 15-minute drive of Eyup Sultan Mosque and Chora Church. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Istanbul Hotels closest to DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Wyndham Grand Istanbul Kalamis Marina Hotel 8.5 Excellent Fener Kalamis Caddesi 38, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Set in Istanbul, Wyndham Grand Istanbul Kalamis Marina Hotel is a five-minute walk from Fenerbahce and features an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Blue Harmony Spa and Shape Club. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Glk Premier Acropol Suites & Spa 8.6 Excellent Akbiyik cad. No:21, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Offering a sauna and a Turkish steam bath, GLK Premier Acropol Suites & Spa is located in Istanbul and is a brief stroll from the Hagia Sophia. It is situated a short walk from the Istanbul Archaeology Museums, Hippodrome of Constantinople and the Sultan Ahmed Mosque. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Blue House Hotel 8.4 Excellent Dalbasti Sokak No 14, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Located in Fatih, Blue House Hotel offers 3-star accommodation and meeting rooms, 24-hour room service and a rooftop terrace. It is also a short stroll from the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and the Hagia Sophia, and is close to many of the area's well-known attractions. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Dilhayat Kalfa Hotel 9.1 Excellent Sultanahmet Mh. Tomurcuk Sk. No:1, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Cankurtaran Railway Station, Dilhayat Kalfa Hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while visiting Istanbul. It is situated a short walk from the Hagia Sophia, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and Hippodrome of Constantinople. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Istanbul hotels Atlitur Gumusdere Beach Camp Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 24.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Atlitur provides a comfortable setting while in Istanbul. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and room service. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Taksim City Hostel 7.5 Good Bulbul Turan Cd no86, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It is located a brief stroll from the Monument of the Republic, Istiklal Avenue and Taksim Square. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Hanchi Hostel 7.7 Good 11 Samsa Sokak, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located in Fatih, Hanchi Hostel is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including the Little Hagia Sophia. It also offers free wireless internet. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Chambers Of The Boheme 7.9 Good Küçük Parmak Kapi Sokak No:13, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located centrally, Chambers of the Boheme allows for easy access to Istanbul's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also benefit from complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Istanbul Recommended hotels Taksim Metropark Hotel 8.0 Excellent Osmanli Sok No:4 - Taksim, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It provides free wireless internet and is steps from Taksim Square and well-known attractions. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Sultania Boutique Class 9.3 Excellent Ebusuud Caddesi Mehmet Murat Sok. No 4, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Hotel Sultania is situated in Fatih, just 30 minutes from Ataturk International Airport. With views of Istanbul, the hotel also provides deluxe amenities and services, such as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Yasmak Sultan 8.5 Excellent Ebusuud Cad. 12, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Hotel Yasmak Sultan is situated in Fatih, just 30 minutes from Ataturk International Airport. This 4-star hotel offers views of Topkapi Palace, as well as an indoor pool, a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Istanbul Dora Hotel 6.4 Good Eskisehir Mah. Dolapdere Cad No:33 Sisli, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It also provides 24-hour room service, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,330 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 7.8Couples 8.0Friends 7.8Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date S 10.0 Excellent Sam, Feb. 2019 This is one of the best hotels in the Asian side of Istanbul. The main things i liked about this hotel are the strategic location, quality of services, friendliness of staff, premium air conditioning, and lovely view. The only thing i didn't like (beside the price) is bed mattress which was wavy and too soft to support my back while sleeping. A 6.3 Okay Anonymous, Feb. 2017 lasy on reception was the rudest ever! Photos of DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Living room (5) Outdoors view (5) Restaurant (5) Where is DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Most Popular Landmarks Istinye Park13.6 km Maslak Kasri14.5 km Kilyos Beach28.5 km Ayasofya4.1 km Sultan Ahmet Camii4.2 km Sultan Ahmet Türbesi4.2 km Getting Around Istanbul Tepeüstü10.0 km Istanbul Dudullu10.0 km Istanbul Anadolu10.9 km Istanbul Kağıthane11.2 km Istanbul Büyük Otogari12.0 km Istanbul Kavacik12.6 km FAQs when booking at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Is pricing at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda comparable to 5 star hotels in Istanbul? DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda is generally less than the average price of 5 stars hotels in Istanbul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 175 per night in Istanbul. DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda will run you C$ 192 per night, which is 19% cheaper than the Istanbul average. Is there a pool at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda from the Istanbul city center? DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda is 0.9 km away from the center of Moda, Istanbul. Consider visiting Sultan Ahmet Camii, a popular landmark that can be accessed from DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda by various forms of transportation. What is the DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda please call +90 216 542 4344. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda have Wi-Fi available? Yes, DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda. What is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda, Istanbul? A good deal at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda right now is between C$ 123 and C$ 192 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda? DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Moda Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
