https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dream_Palace_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Dream Palace Hotel Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Hotel Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 63 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Dream Palace Hotel Dubai This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. Dream Palace Hotel Dubai's terrace s... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.2 km Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.6 km Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4222 9292 All policies Amenities at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Express check-out Terrace/Patio Hairdryer Rooftop pool Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Shoeshine Sauna Room service Jacuzzi Free parking Coffee shop Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Conference rooms Barber/hair stylist Business centre Wake-up service Beauty salon Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Landmark Hotel Riqqa 6.5 Good Al-Jazeera Street 28763, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Landmark Hotel Riqqa is within a 10-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a rooftop pool and a sauna. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Star Metro Deira Hotel Apartments 8.0 Excellent 184786 Salahuddin Street, Deira, PO. Box 184786, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Star Metro Deira Hotel Dubai provides a modern setting when in Dubai. It features a spa and wellness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Signature Inn 4.0 Okay Al Riqqa Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern Dubai hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Landmark Grand Hotel 7.0 Good Al Riqqa Street PO Box: 42222 Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station, Landmark Grand Hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and free wireless internet. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Dream Palace Hotel Dubai All photos (16) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (2) Pool (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre0.4 km Meydan Racecourse12.1 km Deira City Centre2.0 km Gold Souq2.3 km Dubai Gold Souk2.4 km Dubai Museum2.5 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus1.9 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.0 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.4 km Dubai Np3.1 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.6 km FAQs when booking at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai How close is Dream Palace Hotel Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 4.6 km between Dream Palace Hotel Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Dream Palace Hotel Dubai? Dream Palace Hotel Dubai has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Dream Palace Hotel Dubai has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Dream Palace Hotel Dubai from the Dubai city center? Dream Palace Hotel Dubai is 1.5 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. Consider visiting Ibn Battuta Mall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Dream Palace Hotel Dubai by various forms of transportation. What is the Dream Palace Hotel Dubai phone number? The best way to contact Dream Palace Hotel Dubai is by calling +971 4222 9292. Does Dream Palace Hotel Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dream Palace Hotel Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai? Dream Palace Hotel Dubai has a normal check-in time of after 1:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai, Dubai. Does Dream Palace Hotel Dubai have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Dream Palace Hotel Dubai. How far is Dream Palace Hotel Dubai from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 2.3 km away from Dream Palace Hotel Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
