https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dream_Midtown.htm
Dream Midtown, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Dream Midtown Dream Midtown Hotel 210 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 712 reviews 7.5 C$ 257 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dream Midtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Dream Midtown Set in Manhattan, Dream Midtown is just moments from the New York City Center. It is 10 minutes on foot from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art, and showcases views of New York City and Times Squar... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 247 2000 All policies Amenities at Dream Midtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned CD player Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Tour desk Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Dream Midtown Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Dream Midtown Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals Park Central Hotel New York 7.6 Good 870 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Park Central Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Wellington Hotel 871 Seventh Ave, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Wellington Hotel New York City in Manhattan was built in 1910 and was recently refurbished. It is situated a brief stroll from Broadway, The Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South 7.1 Good 237 West 54th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is moments away from the New York City Center. It is located a short stroll from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Dream Midtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 712 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.5Families 7.2Solo 7.8Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, May 2018 Excellent service and location. Photos of Dream Midtown All photos (47) Bedroom (9) Other (7) Building (5) Living room (5) Where is Dream Midtown Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.2 km Broadway0.5 km Times Square0.7 km Bryant Park1.3 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Chrysler Building1.5 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.3 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.4 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.0 km New York Port Authority1.1 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.1 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.2 km FAQs when booking at Dream Midtown Is pricing at Dream Midtown comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? The average rate for a night at Dream Midtown is 34% less than the New York average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Dream Midtown is typically C$ 408, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in New York. How close is Dream Midtown to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At just 22 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to Dream Midtown is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Dream Midtown? Dream Midtown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Dream Midtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is Dream Midtown considered pet-friendly? Dream Midtown is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Dream Midtown. How close is Dream Midtown from the New York city center? Dream Midtown is 0.5 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Dream Midtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Dream Midtown phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Dream Midtown please call +1 212 247 2000. Does Dream Midtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dream Midtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Dream Midtown? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Dream Midtown, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Dream Midtown, New York? Usually Dream Midtown room prices are around C$ 408/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 154/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Dream Midtown? There is a restaurant located in Dream Midtown. Please contact them for kitchen hours. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Dream Midtown have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Dream Midtown. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Dream Midtown from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.7 km from Dream Midtown. Is Dream Midtown close to Times Square? 0.7 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Dream Midtown. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Dream Midtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
