https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dreams_Sands_Cancun_Resort_Spa_All_Inclusive.htm
Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Resort Blvd. Kukulcan km. 8.5 Lote B, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 34 reviews 6.6 C$ 415 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Guests of this resort will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site spa and wellness centre, all just a quick car ride from the heart of Cancun. It also provides a sauna, an all-inclu... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.2 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 17.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 7600 All policies Amenities at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Terrace/Patio Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Beach towels Gift shop Elevator Air-conditioned Free toiletries Safe Shops (on site) Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Child pool Garden 24hr front desk Steam room Show more Activities Fitness centre Game room Aerobics Services Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Beauty salon Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Airport shuttle Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Fiesta Americana Cancun Villas 8.2 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan Km.8.5 Lote 3, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers an outdoor pool, a private beach and a Jacuzzi. It has a day spa, as well as massage services, a hair salon and a sauna. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals Riu Palace Las Americas 9.1 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 8.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Riu Palace Las Americas All Inclusive - Adults Only is set in Cancun and is close to nearby attractions, including Cancun Convention Center. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 426 Avg. per night View Deals Beachscape Kin ha Villas & Suites 8.6 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan Km 8.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 4-star hotel is situated in Cancun. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop terrace. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 34 verified guest reviews 9.2Families 8.4Couples 8.8Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Living room (8) Restaurant (7) Other (7) Where is Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul0.8 km Playa Tortugas1.8 km Puerto Cancun6.3 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun8.5 km Playa Delfines9.0 km Getting Around Cancún Ultramar Playa Caracol Pier (Hotels Area)0.7 km Cancún Plaza La Isla Cancun1.3 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.2 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor10.7 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.3 km Cancún Ado López Portillo12.0 km FAQs when booking at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa How close is Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa is 17.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa? Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa. How close is Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa using any means of transportation. What is the Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa phone number? The best way to contact Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa is by calling +52 998 848 7600. Does Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa? Yes. You should consider staying at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa? Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa, Cancún? Prices at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 503, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 273. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa? There is a restaurant located in Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa is a good place to stay to see Delphinus Punta Cancún. It’s 1.1 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
