https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Drury_Inn_Suites_Orlando.htm
Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Hotel 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 1,454 reviews 9.1 C$ 181 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. There... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.7 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Hulunbuir Morin Dawa Banner Distance to airport 11081.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 354 1101 All policies Amenities at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed No smoking Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 900 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 573 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando International Drive North, FL 8.9 Excellent 7448 North International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This 3-star hotel is located in International Drive, and boasts a range of premium amenities such as a free shuttle service and an indoor pool. It also provides meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Rosen Inn International 7.9 Good 7600 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Rosen Inn International is located in International Drive and offers a range of premium amenities including free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. The multiple amenities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, a playground and an outdoor pool. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western International Drive - Orlando 7.2 Good 8222 Jamaican Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in International Drive, Best Western International Drive - Orlando provides 2-star accommodation and an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort 7.1 Good 7400 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Home to an expansive large water park, this resort is an exciting and convenient place to stay, with Orlando International Airport under a 25-minute drive away. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a bowling alley and an outdoor pool, make for a satisfying stay in Orlando. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Orlando at SeaWorld 8.6 Excellent 6677 Sea Harbor Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.5 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Renaissance Orlando at SeaWorld is situated in Orlando and offers water slides, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 1,451 verified guest reviews 9.0Friends 9.1Couples 9.1Families 8.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort All photos (16) Bedroom (3) Bar (2) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Where is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Most Popular Landmarks Coco Key Water Resort0.7 km Magic Kingdom Park10.8 km Epcot11.0 km Central Florida Fairgrounds11.9 km Tinker Field12.1 km Gatorland12.7 km Getting Around Orlando McDonald's Parking0.5 km Orlando International Drive Hotels0.9 km Orlando Icon Park™1.0 km Orlando Baymont1.2 km Orlando Universal Studio Orlando Resort1.7 km Orlando Magic Kingdom10.8 km FAQs when booking at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Is pricing at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort comparable to 3 star hotels in Orlando? The average rate for a night at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort is 13% less than the Orlando average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort is typically C$ 210, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Orlando. How close is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Orlando Airport, and Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort is 16.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort? For the most freedom while visiting Orlando, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Orlando Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort? Yes. Many people visiting Orlando look for a hotel with a pool. Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort from the Orlando city center? Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort is 2.7 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Bob Carr Theater, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort phone number? You can reach the front desk of Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort at +1 407 354 1101. Does Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort? Yes, there is a gym available to Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort, Orlando? Usually Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort room prices are around C$ 210/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 129/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort from Universal Orlando Resort? You can walk to Universal Orlando Resort while staying at Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort close to Universal's Islands of Adventure? The distance from Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort to Universal's Islands of Adventure is 2.5 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
