https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Dubai-vacation-rentals.htm
Dubai, the United Arab Emirates Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates Search and compare Dubai, the United Arab Emirates vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Dubai, United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Dubai, United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Dubai Vacation Rentals 10,355 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Dubai Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Park Hotel Apartments 7.6 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 556 reviews 7.6 This relaxed property in Dubai offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan and a saltwater swimming pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. View Deals Oaks Liwa Heights Suites 8.4 Excellent Jumeirah Lakes Towers, P. O. Box 31303, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 18.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 375 reviews 8.4 Oaks Liwa Heights offers 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It provides free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and squash courts. View Deals Dunes Hotel Apartment, Al Barsha Al Barsha, Behind Mall of Emirates PO.Box 115557, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, TIME Dunes Hotel Apartments Al Barsha offers modern 3.5-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro). View Deals Marina Hotel Apartments 8.6 Excellent Marina Walk El Emreef Street No 14, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 18.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 1,367 reviews 8.6 This modern property in Dubai offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as indoor tennis courts and a swimming pool. Only a short stroll from Dusit Residence, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a marble bathroom, a coffee maker and luxury linen. View Deals Higuests - Mon Reve 7.3 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 78 reviews 7.3 HiGuests Vacation Homes - Mon Reve is located in Dubai and is close to the area's popular attractions. This property is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Golden Stay Vacation Continental Tower 6.2 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 923 reviews 6.2 Located in Dubai Marina, this property is within walking distance of Dusit Residence, Time Place and The Walk. It features a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Dream Inn Apartments - Park Island 7.8 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 18.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 68 reviews 7.8 This property is located in Dubai Marina, just a five-minute walk to Dusit Residence. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. View Deals Al Waleed Holiday Homes 7.6 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 6 reviews 7.6 Al Waleed Holiday Homes is located in Dubai and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. View Deals Suha Jbr Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,538 reviews 7.8 Suha Hotel Apartments is located in Dubai and is close to the area's popular attractions. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the property is within a 10-minute walk of Time Place, The Walk and Al Fattan Marine Towers. View Deals Dubai marina Diamond 2 Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 19.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Marina Diamond 2 is situated in Dubai and features free wireless internet. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Jumeirah Beach Residence 2 Station. View Deals All 12,292 vacation rentals in Dubai Tips for booking vacation rentals in Dubai Cheapest month: July Most expensive month: May Average price in Dubai: C$ 188/night Cheapest price found: C$ 59/night Cheapest day: Saturday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 67 - C$ 374 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 91 - C$ 310 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Dubai vacation rentals Show all 12,292 hotels 1 Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Creek 8.2 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Creek provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. View Deals 2 Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf 8.6 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf offers 5-star accommodation in Dubai. Guests have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. View Deals 3 Royal Club at Palm Jumeirah 7.5 Good Al Khushkar Building,J1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 16.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Royal Club provides a unique setting when in Dubai. It also features an outdoor pool and a swimming pool. View Deals 4 Sofitel Dubai The Palm Luxury Apartments 8.6 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 15.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern 5-star property is located in Palm Jumeirah and offers a private beach and a mineral bath. It also features outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 5 Crowne Plaza Dubai Apartments 7.2 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Sharjah, Crowne Plaza Dubai Apartments offers 5-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. View Deals 6 Chelsea Gardens Hotel Apartment 8.0 Excellent Discovery Gardens, Zen 3, Building 7, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 22.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Guests of this modern property will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site day spa, all located a short car ride from the centre of Dubai. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. View Deals 7 Roda Amwaj Suites Jumeirah Beach Residence 7.9 Good The Walk,Jumeirah Beach Residence, P.O. Box 555613, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 19.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Set in Dubai Marina, this modern property features 24-hour room service, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It offers 5-star accommodation and views of the sea. View Deals 8 Citadines Metro Central Dubai 8.5 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 14.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citadines Metro Central Apartments offers a modern setting in Dubai and has a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking on-site. There is also a fitness centre with a cross trainer, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates Show all 12,292 hotels Better Living Hotel Apartment 6.7 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Dubai. It also provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Al Manar Hotel Apartments 6.0 Good The Corner 24th And 9th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Providing a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, as well as free Wi-Fi, Al Manar Hotel Apartments is a comfortable place to stay in Dubai. The various facilities this modern property offers include an outdoor pool, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 85 Avg. per night View Deals The View Al Barsha Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates The View Al Barsha Hotel Apartments is situated in Dubai and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides a swimming pool and a fitness centre. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Al Khoory Hotel Apartments Al Barsha 7.9 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern property in Dubai provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a rooftop pool and a sauna. It also offers fitness classes, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Grand Hotel Apartments 6.2 Good Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This property is conveniently located in the city centre, and provides outdoor tennis courts and a swimming pool. This property is ideally situated in Trade Centre 1. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Xclusive Hotel Apartments 6.0 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Less than a 20-minute stroll from Al Karama (Dubai Metro), Xclusive Hotel Apartments offers guests a convenient base while visiting Dubai. It also offers apartments with either a private terrace or balcony where guests can admire views of the city. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Dunes Hotel Apartments Oud Metha 7.9 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Just a short car trip from Burj Khalifa, Dunes Hotel Apartments Oud Metha provides a modern base and boasts unique views of Dubai. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. C$ 133 Avg. per night View Deals Top Dubai Apartment King Salman Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud St, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 17.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within walking distance of Nakheel Station (Dubai Metro), the guest house provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Dubai. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 133 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Dubai 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Top Dubai Apartment King Salman Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud St, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 133 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Dunes Hotel Apartment, Al Barsha Al Barsha, Behind Mall of Emirates PO.Box 115557, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 226 View Deal #2 Most popular Oaks Liwa Heights Suites Jumeirah Lakes Towers, P. O. Box 31303, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.4 C$ 188 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Marina Hotel Apartments Marina Walk El Emreef Street No 14, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.6 C$ 238 View Deal #2 Most popular Emirates Grand Hotel Apartments Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 6.2 C$ 121 View Deal Best value Al Manar Hotel Apartments The Corner 24th And 9th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 6.0 C$ 85 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Dubai Vacation rentals in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Al Ain Hotels in popular Dubai neighbourhoods Al Qusais, Dubai vacation rentals Al Quoz, Dubai vacation rentals Discovery Gardens, Dubai vacation rentals Barsha Heights, Dubai vacation rentals Jebel Ali Village, Dubai vacation rentals Al Jaddaf, Dubai vacation rentals Muhaisnah, Dubai vacation rentals Al Mina, Dubai vacation rentals Jebel Ali, Dubai vacation rentals Green Community Village, Dubai vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Jurayrah Ajman Hatta Al Ain Garhoud Ruwais Fujairah Show more Facts about staying in Dubai How much does a vacation rental in Dubai cost? Dubai vacation rentals are C$ 189/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Dubai, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 60/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 162/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Dubai vacation rental? Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf has a 8.6 rating from 459 users, making it the best Dubai vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Dubai Intl Airport? It’s only 3.3 km from Dubai Intl Airport to Al Manar Hotel Apartments (the nearest Dubai vacation rental to the airport). What part of Dubai is best to stay in? Dubai Marina is the best part of Dubai to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Dubai vacation rentals, 96% of them looked for stays in the Dubai Marina neighbourhood in the last year. The Roda Amwaj Suites Jumeirah Beach Residence happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Dubai Marina neighbourhood of Dubai. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Dubai near Dubai Museum? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Dubai Museum while in Dubai, then the most popular is Xclusive Hotel Apartments with a 6.0/10 review score from 283 users. The distance from Dubai Museum to Xclusive Hotel Apartments is 1.4 km. Are there Dubai vacation rentals with “beachfront” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 1 Dubai vacation rental mentions “beachfront” under their list of amenities. The Roda Amwaj Suites Jumeirah Beach Residence is the most popular vacation rental in Dubai that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Dubai? Yes, there are 56 Resort vacation rentals in Dubai. According to our data, Five Palm Jumeirah Dubai is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Dubai Vacation Rentals 10,355 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
