https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Dylan_Hotel_NYC.htm
Dylan Hotel Nyc, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Dylan Hotel Nyc Dylan Hotel Nyc Hotel 52 East 41St Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 2,445 reviews 7.8 C$ 214 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Dylan Hotel Nyc Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Dylan Hotel Nyc Built in 1902, this stylish boutique hotel is situated in Manhattan. It is set in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from the New York Public Library. This modern hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 338 0500 All policies Amenities at Dylan Hotel Nyc Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Socket near the bed Additional toilet Alarm clock Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Dylan Hotel Nyc Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Dylan Hotel Nyc Iberostar 70 Park Avenue 8.4 Excellent 70 Park Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, Iberostar 70 Park Avenue offers 4-star accommodation and an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Grand Central New York 7.4 Good 109 East 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Midtown Manhattan, Grand Hyatt New York provides 4-star accommodation and valet parking, a rooftop terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is set amongst a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals The Roosevelt Hotel 45 E 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Roosevelt Hotel offers historic accommodation in New York City and is a few minutes on foot from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 503 Avg. per night View Deals Pod 39 8.0 Excellent 145 East 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated within a short walk from Chrysler Building and with easy access to New York City's public transport links, this hotel provides free Wi-Fi access along with air conditioned rooms. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Dylan Hotel Nyc 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,445 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 7.6Solo 8.0Couples 7.7Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Dylan Hotel Nyc All photos (37) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (7) Restaurant (4) Conference room (3) Where is Dylan Hotel Nyc Most Popular Landmarks Grand Central Terminal0.2 km Chrysler Building0.3 km Bryant Park0.3 km Empire State Building0.7 km Times Square0.9 km Broadway1.1 km Getting Around New York Grand Central Terminal0.1 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.3 km New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.5 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.5 km New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.6 km New York 373 East 42nd St0.8 km FAQs when booking at Dylan Hotel Nyc Is pricing at Dylan Hotel Nyc comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? There is a 47% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in New York and the average nightly rate at Dylan Hotel Nyc. The rate at Dylan Hotel Nyc is just C$ 331/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in New York. How close is Dylan Hotel Nyc to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 21 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Dylan Hotel Nyc. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Dylan Hotel Nyc? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Dylan Hotel Nyc where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Dylan Hotel Nyc guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is Dylan Hotel Nyc considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Dylan Hotel Nyc. How close is Dylan Hotel Nyc from the New York city center? The center of Murray Hill, New York, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Dylan Hotel Nyc. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Dylan Hotel Nyc using any means of transportation. What is the Dylan Hotel Nyc phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Dylan Hotel Nyc please call +1 212 338 0500. Does Dylan Hotel Nyc have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Dylan Hotel Nyc has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Dylan Hotel Nyc? Yes. You should consider staying at Dylan Hotel Nyc if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Dylan Hotel Nyc? Dylan Hotel Nyc has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Dylan Hotel Nyc, New York? C$ 146 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Dylan Hotel Nyc, with average deals around C$ 331 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Dylan Hotel Nyc? Dylan Hotel Nyc does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Dylan Hotel Nyc have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Dylan Hotel Nyc. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Dylan Hotel Nyc from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.8 km from Dylan Hotel Nyc. Is Dylan Hotel Nyc close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Dylan Hotel Nyc is just 0.9 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Dylan Hotel Nyc Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
