https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/E_Hotel_Higashi_Shinjuku.htm
E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Hotel 2-3-15 Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 869 reviews 7.5 C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku This modern hotel in Tokyo offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a 24-hour reception and massage services. It is situated a short walk from Kabukicho and Shinjuku Golden Gai. This contemporary hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.9 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 17.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 873 588 All policies Amenities at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Sotetsu Fresa Inn Higashi Shinjuku 8.2 Excellent 7-27-9 Shinjuku Shinjuku-KU, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Central Tokyo, and offers massage services, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Shinjuku Granbell Hotel 7.9 Good 2-14-5 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Central Tokyo, this trendy hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Kabukicho. It also boasts views of Tokyo and provides a garden and a rooftop terrace as extra highlights. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku 7.7 Good 5-15-8 Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is situated in Tokyo and is a short walk from Higashi-Shinjuku Subway Station. It is close to Shinjuku Golden Gai, eateries and shops. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo 8.3 Excellent 1-2-9, Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Shinjuku Train Station, Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo offers guests an ideal base while in Tokyo. Just minutes from Shinjuku Golden Gai, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 866 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 7.8Friends 7.5Couples 7.4Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date A 9.1 Excellent Anonymous, Mar. 2019 it was really good and convenient A 6.8 Okay Anonymous, Oct. 2018 The hotel is so convenient. it just next to the east shinjuku. The bathroom is so small but the most important concern is ......the ambulance always pass the hotel so very noisy at night time . B 7.1 Good Bancho, Nov. 2017 Overal speaking the hotel itself and location good as I expected. But the room spaces too SMALL very tight for two adults accommodation plus two luggage’s unable to open ! And not realizing the hotel breakfast provides by the coffees shop, not much choice ! Photos of E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku All photos (38) Bedroom (8) Lobby (4) Room amenity (4) Building (3) Where is E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Most Popular Landmarks Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden1.5 km Yoyogi Koen3.1 km Tokyo Dome4.1 km Roppongi Hills4.3 km Akihabara Electric Town6.0 km Ginza Mitsukoshi6.1 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal1.2 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal3.6 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.2 km Tokyo5.6 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit5.8 km Tokyo5.9 km FAQs when booking at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Is pricing at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku is 75% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku is typically C$ 97, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? There are 17.9 km between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 13m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku from the Tokyo city center? E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku is just 0.3 km away from the center of Shinjuku, Tokyo. From E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tokyo Dome. What is the E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku phone number? For questions about E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +81 352 873 588. Does E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku have Wi-Fi available? Yes, E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku? E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku, Tokyo? Usually E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku room prices are around C$ 97/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 45/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku, Tokyo. Does E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku. How far is E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku from Akasaka Sacas? E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku is a good place to stay to see Akasaka Sacas. It’s 3.8 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
