https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Eastglen_Inn.htm
Eastglen Inn, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Eastglen Inn Eastglen Inn Motel 6918 118th Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 357 reviews 7.1 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Eastglen Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Eastglen Inn Eastglen Inn is situated in Edmonton and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Coliseum Railway Station. Luggage storage, a t... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.8 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 30.5 km Policies Check-in time 12:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 471 2610 All policies Amenities at Eastglen Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Quiet street view Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toothbrush Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Eastglen Inn Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Eastglen Inn Coliseum Inn 11845 Wayne Gretzky Drive, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Coliseum Inn provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 439 Avg. per night View Deals Sands Inn & Suites 12340 Fort Road North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Sands Inn & Suites Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and a Jacuzzi. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East 6.7 Good 3414 118 Ave Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East is situated in Edmonton and offers guests wired internet. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a hair salon. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Edmonton Downtown 7.9 Good 9576 Jasper Avenue NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel The hotel is located in Edmonton and is within a short walk of local attractions, such as the Edmonton Public Library, the Stanley A. Milner Library and Shaw Conference Centre. It offers free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of Sir Winston Churchill Square. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Eastglen Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 357 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 6.7Families 7.1Solo 6.6Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Eastglen Inn All photos (10) Bedroom (4) Other (2) Front desk (1) Kitchen (1) Where is Eastglen Inn Most Popular Landmarks Northlands Coliseum0.5 km Southgate Center10.4 km Fort Edmonton Park11.0 km Galaxyland12.6 km West Edmonton Mall12.8 km South Edmonton Common13.9 km Getting Around Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw10.3 km Edmonton Edmonton Southgate Lrt10.4 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw11.6 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre3.7 km Edmonton Welcome Center4.0 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites4.2 km FAQs when booking at Eastglen Inn Is pricing at Eastglen Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Edmonton? Eastglen Inn is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Edmonton. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 90 per night in Edmonton. Eastglen Inn will run you C$ 100 per night, which is 17% cheaper than the Edmonton average. How close is Eastglen Inn to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At 30.5 km away, Edmonton Airport is the closest airport to Eastglen Inn. The average expected drive time from Eastglen Inn to Edmonton Airport is 0h 23m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Eastglen Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Eastglen Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Eastglen Inn considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Eastglen Inn are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Eastglen Inn from the Edmonton city center? Eastglen Inn is 3.8 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Telus World of Science, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Eastglen Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Eastglen Inn phone number? The best way to contact Eastglen Inn is by calling +1 780 471 2610. Does Eastglen Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Eastglen Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Eastglen Inn? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Eastglen Inn, Edmonton? A good deal at Eastglen Inn right now is between C$ 88 and C$ 100 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Eastglen Inn have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Eastglen Inn, Edmonton. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Eastglen Inn from Northlands Coliseum? Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton is 0.5 km away from Eastglen Inn. Is Eastglen Inn close to Commonwealth Stadium? Eastglen Inn is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Commonwealth Stadium, which is 2.2 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Eastglen Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
