https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Eastin_Grand_Hotel_Sathorn.htm
Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Hotel 33/1 South Sathorn Road Yannawa, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 2,798 reviews 9.2 C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Boasting its very own sky bridge and an outdoor pool where views of Chao Phraya River and Bangkok can be enjoyed, Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn offers luxury 4-star accommodation. Those staying at the pr... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.6 km Rating 9.2 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 25.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 210 8100 All policies Amenities at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Shower cap Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom 8.6 Excellent 981 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom is ideal for guests wanting to discover Bangkok and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Bangkok Silom Road 7.1 Good 320 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Showcasing impressive views of Bangkok, this modern hotel is an easy walk from Surasak BTS Station. It also provides a sauna, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals lebua at State Tower - SHA Plus 8.6 Excellent 1055 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Awarded the 2021 Top Hotel in Bangkok by Condé Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, the luxurious Lebua at State Tower- SHA Extra Plus is home to one of the highest rooftop bar in the world with stunning views of the city. This modern property is ideally located in Silom and is within walking distance of Saphan Taksin BTS Station. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Centre Point Silom 8.7 Excellent 1522/2 Soi Kaysorn 1 (Charoenkrung 50), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Chao Phraya River, Centre Point Silom is set in a popular area of Bangkok and offers a swimming pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 2,798 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 9.3Families 9.3Couples 9.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date P 7.9 Good PG, Dec. 2020 we love the location .. Hotel located at the” Surasak BTS .. few station away from Siam .. super convenience ! with my child 5 years old ! perfect! The nice classic Thai restaurant “ Blue Elephant” just next door ! swim pool .. small but nice with their infinitely edge ! we paid for upgrade big room with bathtub ...no complain for its super big bathroom breakfast choice is limited .. but enough for quick breakfast ! staff service is great ! only complain is Inroom dinning Service ! food tasted ... just fair .. and the understand of English of operation is not good “ when I order my food through phone “ suggest no in room dinning .. the rest are good ! worth for money A 9.7 Excellent Amy, Nov. 2017 A great hotel for a reasonable price. I only stayed one night on a stop over but if I had more time in bangkok Id have stayed longer. The food is great and at a good price and the staff were very helpful. Only hiccup was when I arrived I was told there were only twin rooms left, but once I said I prefered a double room as had been booked the staff found one. Easy access to the train line is also very convenient! Photos of Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (7) Living room (7) Restaurant (6) Where is Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Most Popular Landmarks Patpong Night Market1.5 km Silom Complex1.8 km Rajamangala Stadium11.6 km Central Plaza Ladprao11.6 km MBK Center3.0 km Central World Plaza3.1 km Getting Around Bangkok Surasak Bts0.1 km Bangkok Lerdsin Hospital0.6 km Bangkok Charoen Krung Rd0.7 km Bangkok Saphan Taksin Bts0.8 km Bangkok Paramont0.8 km Bangkok Chong Nonsi Bts1.0 km FAQs when booking at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Is pricing at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? There is a 37% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Bangkok and the average nightly rate at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn. The rate at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn is just C$ 173/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Bangkok. How close is Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn is 23.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn? Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn from the Bangkok city center? Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn is just 1 km away from the center of Bang Rak, Bangkok. From Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn please call +66 2 210 8100. Does Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn? Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn, Bangkok? Usually Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn room prices are around C$ 173/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 93/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn? There is a restaurant located in Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
