https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Econo_Lodge_Airport_Quebec_City.htm
Econo Lodge Airport, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Econo Lodge Airport Econo Lodge Airport Hotel 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,819 reviews 7.2 C$ 84 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Econo Lodge Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Econo Lodge Airport The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature a... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.1 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 2.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 872 5038 All policies Amenities at Econo Lodge Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric blankets Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Long-term parking (surcharge) Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Private parking Show more Activities Golf Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Econo Lodge Airport Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Econo Lodge Airport Chateau Repotel Duplessis 7.3 Good 6555, Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Chateau Repotel Duplessis is situated in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides a Jacuzzi, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Motel Le Gite 5160 boulevard Wilfrid Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Hotel Motel Le Gite is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Le Bonne Entente 7.9 Good 3400 Chemin Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Hotel Le Bonne Entente is located in Quebec City and offers a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a sauna, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Repotel Henri IV 7.7 Good 2500, Av. St-Jean-Baptiste, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Chateau Repotel Henri IV is situated in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides meeting rooms, a lift and a 24-hour reception. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City 8.4 Excellent 900 Rue Des Rocailles, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Boasting an indoor pool, Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City is located in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Econo Lodge Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 1,819 verified guest reviews 7.2Couples 7.0Families 7.5Solo 7.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Econo Lodge Airport All photos (46) Bedroom (14) Building (8) Room amenity (7) Bathroom (4) Where is Econo Lodge Airport Most Popular Landmarks Cartier-Brebeuf National Historic Site10.9 km Church of St. Roch11.6 km Plains of Abraham12.1 km Quartier Petit Champlain12.9 km Dufferin Terrace12.9 km Place Royale13.0 km Getting Around Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts11.0 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne11.5 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station11.6 km Québec City St-Augustin11.9 km Québec City Gare du Palais12.3 km Québec City Vallée16.9 km FAQs when booking at Econo Lodge Airport Is pricing at Econo Lodge Airport comparable to 2 star hotels in Québec City? Nightly rates at Econo Lodge Airport will generally be 39% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Québec City. When staying at Econo Lodge Airport, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 88/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Québec City for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Econo Lodge Airport to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 2 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Econo Lodge Airport. The average expected drive time from Econo Lodge Airport to Québec City Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Econo Lodge Airport? Getting from Québec City Airport to Econo Lodge Airport can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 41/day in Québec City. Luckily, Econo Lodge Airport has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Econo Lodge Airport considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Econo Lodge Airport are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Econo Lodge Airport from the Québec City city center? Econo Lodge Airport is 1.9 km away from the center of L'Aéroport, Québec City. Consider visiting Place Royale, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Econo Lodge Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Econo Lodge Airport phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Econo Lodge Airport please call +1 418 872 5038. Does Econo Lodge Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Econo Lodge Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Econo Lodge Airport? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Econo Lodge Airport. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Econo Lodge Airport, Québec City? Prices at Econo Lodge Airport will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 88, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 66. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Econo Lodge Airport have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Econo Lodge Airport, Québec City. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Econo Lodge Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
