https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Econo_Lodge_Downtown_Ottawa.htm
Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Hotel 475 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 737 reviews 6.4 C$ 95 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is located in Ottawa and provides free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. A currency exchange, luggage storage and... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 6.4 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 12.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 789 3781 All policies Amenities at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Linens Towels Free toiletries Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa 6.8 Good 319 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Ottawa and offers a Jacuzzi. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good 235 King Edward Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East is located in Ottawa and features an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Barefoot Hostel 8.6 Excellent 455 Cumberland Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Barefoot Hostel - Women Only provides guests with an ideal base when in Ottawa. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and luggage storage. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.4 OkayBased on 734 verified guest reviews 6.1Families 6.4Solo 6.5Couples 6.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa All photos (27) Bedroom (11) Building (5) Room amenity (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Most Popular Landmarks Laurier House0.4 km Ottawa Art Gallery1.0 km Rideau Centre1.1 km Confederation Park1.4 km Place D'Orleans Shopping Center13.7 km Rideau Carleton Raceway16.2 km Getting Around Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.9 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.9 km Ottawa Rideau Centre1.1 km Ottawa 1 George St1.2 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe1.7 km Ottawa Slater / Bank1.9 km FAQs when booking at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Is pricing at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? Hotels in Ottawa that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 124/night, but on average, Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is available for 43% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa for C$ 95/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Ottawa. How close is Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 12.1 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Ottawa, renting a car for around C$ 55/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Ottawa Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa from the Ottawa city center? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is 0.5 km away from the center of Lower Town, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa by various forms of transportation. What is the Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 789 3781 to talk to a Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa front desk representative. Does Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa, Ottawa? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 95/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 17/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa does have a restaurant. Does Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa from Canadian War Museum? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is about 3.3 km from Canadian War Museum, one of Ottawa’s most popular landmarks. Is Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa close to Laurier House? Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Laurier House, which is 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Econo Lodge Downtown Ottawa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
