https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Economy_Inn_Edmonton.htm
Economy Inn, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Economy Inn Economy Inn Hotel 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada OkayBased on 190 reviews 5.2 C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Economy Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Economy Inn Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The hotel has 37 rooms and has been recently refurbis... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.4 km Rating 5.2 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 438 7979 All policies Amenities at Economy Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Microwave Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Private entrance Private parking Show more Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying All amenities Hotels Similar to Economy Inn Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Economy Inn Sawridge Inn & Conference Centre Edmonton South 7.7 Good 4235 Gateway Blvd. N, NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and provides a swimming pool. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a ballroom. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South 7.7 Good 3610 Gateway Boulevard Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Featuring a bowling alley, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and water slides. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel Edmonton South 6.7 Good 4440 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Radisson Hotel Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 4485 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from University Of Alberta, Holiday Inn Conference Centre Edmonton South offers traditional accommodation in Edmonton. It also features a heated pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a Jacuzzi. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Lodge 6.8 Good 3815 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Royal Lodge Edmonton is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Economy Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.1 PassableBased on 191 verified guest reviews 5.6Solo 5.3Couples 4.3Families 4.8Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Economy Inn All photos (29) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Other (3) Where is Economy Inn Most Popular Landmarks Southgate Center1.9 km Galaxyland10.1 km West Edmonton Mall10.2 km Telus World of Science10.6 km Northlands Coliseum10.8 km Century Casino13.2 km Getting Around Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw0.6 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw1.0 km Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South1.7 km Edmonton11.7 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites13.6 km Edmonton Edmonton Southgate Lrt2.0 km FAQs when booking at Economy Inn Is pricing at Economy Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Edmonton? In Edmonton, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 90. The expected nightly rate for Economy Inn is around C$ 67; a price that is 45% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Economy Inn to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Edmonton. How close is Economy Inn to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At just 19.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to Economy Inn is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Economy Inn? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Economy Inn can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Economy Inn has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Economy Inn considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Economy Inn. How close is Economy Inn from the Edmonton city center? Economy Inn is 7.4 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Economy Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Economy Inn phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Economy Inn please call +1 780 438 7979. Does Economy Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Economy Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Economy Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Economy Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Economy Inn, Edmonton? C$ 54 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Economy Inn, with average deals around C$ 67 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Economy Inn? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Economy Inn for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Economy Inn have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Economy Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
