https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Edmonton-vacation-rentals.htm
Edmonton, Canada Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Edmonton, Canada Search and compare Edmonton, Canada vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Edmonton, AB, Canada 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Edmonton, AB, Canada Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Edmonton Vacation Rentals 454 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Edmonton Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Quiet Condo close to WEM w/ A/C & U/G Parking 6.5 Good Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 9.7 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 17 reviews 6.5 Located in Edmonton, Quiet Condo close to WEM w/ A/C & U/G Parking is within easy reach of Fort Edmonton Park and University Of Alberta. It provides a lift, and is a short stroll from the Beth Israel Synagogue. View Deals Stylish Condo Close to Royal Alex and Downtown /w Parking and Private Entrance 6.9 Good Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 26 reviews 6.9 Stylish Condo Close to Royal Alex and Downtown /w Parking and Private Entrance is set in Edmonton and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Commonwealth Stadium Edmonton. It is ideally located for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. View Deals Executive Downtown Core Icon 8.6 Excellent Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 8 reviews 8.6 Situated a short stroll from Grandin Station, Executive Downtown Core Icon provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Edmonton. This property is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Newly Renovated 2 Bed/Bath In Downtown Ug Parking 5.1 Okay Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada OkayBased on 8 reviews 5.1 Newly Renovated 2 Bed/Bath in Downtown UG parking is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's popular attractions. It is conveniently located in the city centre. View Deals All 609 vacation rentals in Edmonton Tips for booking vacation rentals in Edmonton Cheapest month: May Most expensive month: July Average price in Edmonton: C$ 130/night Cheapest price found: C$ 25/night Cheapest day: Saturday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 46 - C$ 288 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 47 - C$ 180 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Where to stay in Edmonton Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Show more Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Whistler Show more Facts about staying in Edmonton How much does a vacation rental in Edmonton cost? Edmonton vacation rentals are C$ 130/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Edmonton, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 27/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 114/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Edmonton Airport? It’s only 22.2 km from Edmonton Airport to Quiet Condo close to WEM w/ A/C & U/G Parking (the nearest Edmonton vacation rental to the airport). Are there any Inn vacation rentals in Edmonton? Yes, there are 4 Inn vacation rentals in Edmonton. According to our data, West Edmonton Mall Inn is currently the most popular Inn rental in the city. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Edmonton Vacation Rentals 454 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
