https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Eiffel_Kennedy.htm
Eiffel Kennedy, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Eiffel Kennedy Eiffel Kennedy Hotel 12 Rue De Boulainvilliers, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 747 reviews 8.3 C$ 173 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Eiffel Kennedy Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Eiffel Kennedy Hotel Eiffel Kennedy offers 3-star accommodation in Paris. The various facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 26.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 45 24 45 75 All policies Amenities at Eiffel Kennedy Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Interconnected room(s) available Key card access No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Eiffel Kennedy Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Eiffel Kennedy Novotel Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.3 Good 61 quai de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Novotel Paris Centre Tour Eiffel is located in Paris and offers an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It also features a sauna and a playground and impressive views of Seine. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.1 Good 14 Rue Du Theatre, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Set in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel is within a 10-minute walk of Ile des Cygnes. It features city views and 4-star apartments. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.5 Good 20 rue Jean Rey, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Paris and is moments on foot from Champs-de-Mars-Tour-Eiffel Train Station. It is a short walk from Champ de Mars, Ile des Cygnes and Seine, plus provides views of Eiffel Tower. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Eiffel Kennedy 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 751 verified guest reviews 8.5Friends 8.3Families 8.3Couples 8.2Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Eiffel Kennedy All photos (36) Bedroom (19) Room amenity (6) Front desk (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Eiffel Kennedy Most Popular Landmarks Eiffel Tower1.4 km Roland Garros Stadium2.2 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee2.5 km Arc De Triomphe2.7 km Palais des Congres de Paris2.9 km Champs-Elysées3.2 km Getting Around Paris Avenue du Président Kennedy - Maison de Radio France0.3 km Paris Boulainvilliers0.4 km Paris Javel0.7 km Paris Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel1.0 km Paris Avenue Henri Martin1.3 km Paris Tour Eiffel1.3 km FAQs when booking at Eiffel Kennedy Is pricing at Eiffel Kennedy comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? In Paris, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 226. The expected nightly rate for Eiffel Kennedy is around C$ 204; a price that is 33% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Eiffel Kennedy to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Paris. How close is Eiffel Kennedy to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With a distance of 26.8 km between Eiffel Kennedy and the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 20m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Eiffel Kennedy? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Eiffel Kennedy guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Eiffel Kennedy considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Eiffel Kennedy. How close is Eiffel Kennedy from the Paris city center? Eiffel Kennedy is 0.6 km away from the center of 16th arrondissement, Paris. Consider visiting Louvre Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Eiffel Kennedy by various forms of transportation. What is the Eiffel Kennedy phone number? For questions about Eiffel Kennedy and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 45 24 45 75. Does Eiffel Kennedy have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Eiffel Kennedy has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Eiffel Kennedy? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Eiffel Kennedy, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Eiffel Kennedy, Paris? Prices at Eiffel Kennedy will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 204, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 147. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Eiffel Kennedy have a laundry service? Eiffel Kennedy does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Eiffel Kennedy from Champs-Elysées? You can walk to Champs-Elysées while staying at Eiffel Kennedy - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Eiffel Kennedy close to Eiffel Tower? The distance from Eiffel Kennedy to Eiffel Tower is 1.4 km. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Eiffel Kennedy Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
