https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ekonomy_Hotel_Myeongdong_Premier.htm
Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,719 Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Hostel 9, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea GoodBased on 180 reviews 7.3 C$ 61 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Located in Central Seoul, Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong Premier is close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also offers a rooftop terrace, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. Ekonom... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 0.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 23 273 6000 All policies Amenities at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine TV Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Privacy curtain Dining area Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 754 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Savoy Hotel Myeongdong 8.2 Excellent 10, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is located in Seoul and features a rooftop terrace. It is close to Myeongdong Cathedral, eateries and shops. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I 8.2 Excellent 15, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located amongst a range of attractions, shops and eateries, Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is ideal for those wishing to discover Seoul and its surroundings. The numerous amenities this modern hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a safe and a 24-hour reception. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong 7.7 Good 115 Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2), Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel New Oriental Myeongdong 9.2 Excellent 1, Toegye-ro 14-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel New Oriental Myeongdong offers modern accommodation in Seoul and is conveniently close to Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). It also provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and a rooftop terrace. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 180 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 7.6Couples 7.3Friends 7.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier All photos (21) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.3 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.0 km Dongdaemun Market2.3 km Dongdaemun Gate2.5 km Yeouido Park6.7 km COEX Mall8.4 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.5 km Seoul Yongsan3.9 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.1 km Seoul Sangbong9.7 km FAQs when booking at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Is pricing at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Nightly rates at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier will generally be 54% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Seoul. When staying at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 74/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Seoul for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 16.2 km drive between Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier from the Seoul city center? Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier is just 0.1 km away from the center of Jung-gu, Seoul. From Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 23 273 6000 to talk to a Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier front desk representative. Does Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier? Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier, Seoul? A good deal at Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier right now is between C$ 40 and C$ 74 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier from Dongdaemun Gate? Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier is about 2.5 km from Dongdaemun Gate, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Is Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier close to Gwanghwamun? Gwanghwamun is also a popular place to see in Seoul. It is 1.7 km from Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier. Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,719 Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
