https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Element_Times_Square_West.htm
Element New York Times Square West, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Element New York Times Square West Element New York Times Square West Hotel 311 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 5,928 reviews 7.6 C$ 161 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Element New York Times Square West Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Element New York Times Square West Element Times Square West is located in New York City and offers a rooftop terrace. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Pennsylvania Station. This chi... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport New York All airports Distance to airport 0.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 643 0770 All policies Amenities at Element New York Times Square West Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower cap Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining table Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Spa Key access 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Element New York Times Square West Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Element New York Times Square West Hampton Inn Manhattan/Times Square South 6.5 Good 337 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is a few minutes away from The New York Times Building. It is situated a brief walk from Madison Square Garden. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square 7.6 Good 339 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This modern hotel is in Manhattan, a short stroll to The New York Times Building. It also provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square 6.5 Good 343 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express - Times Square provides a modern setting while in New York City. It is close to The New York Times Building, shops and nightlife options. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Distrikt Hotel New York City, Tapestry Collection by Hilton 7.6 Good 342 West 40th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Distrikt Hotel New York City is ideally located in Manhattan. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a safe and free Wi-Fi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Element New York Times Square West 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 5,928 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.6Couples 7.8Friends 7.4Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Element New York Times Square West All photos (34) Bedroom (8) Bathroom (3) Kitchen (3) Living room (3) Where is Element New York Times Square West Most Popular Landmarks Madison Square Garden0.6 km Times Square0.7 km Bryant Park0.8 km Broadway0.8 km Empire State Building0.9 km Grand Central Terminal1.3 km Getting Around New York Port Authority0.2 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.3 km New York 201 West 37th St0.4 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.4 km New York 417 W 34th St0.5 km New York Penn Station0.6 km FAQs when booking at Element New York Times Square West Is pricing at Element New York Times Square West comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 583. The expected nightly rate for Element New York Times Square West is around C$ 356; a price that is 55% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Element New York Times Square West to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in New York. How close is Element New York Times Square West to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At just 22.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to Element New York Times Square West is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Element New York Times Square West? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Element New York Times Square West can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, Element New York Times Square West has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Element New York Times Square West considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Element New York Times Square West during their stay. How close is Element New York Times Square West from the New York city center? Element New York Times Square West is 0.8 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Element New York Times Square West by various forms of transportation. What is the Element New York Times Square West phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 643 0770. Does Element New York Times Square West have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Element New York Times Square West has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Element New York Times Square West? Yes, Element New York Times Square West has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Element New York Times Square West? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Element New York Times Square West, New York? C$ 104 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Element New York Times Square West, with average deals around C$ 356 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Element New York Times Square West? Yes - Element New York Times Square West does have a restaurant. Does Element New York Times Square West have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Element New York Times Square West. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Element New York Times Square West from Rockefeller Center? Element New York Times Square West is a walkable distance (1.1 km) from Rockefeller Center, New York. Is Element New York Times Square West close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between Times Square and Element New York Times Square West. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Element New York Times Square West Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
