https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Elk_Avenue_Hotel.htm
Elk + Avenue Hotel, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Elk + Avenue Hotel Elk + Avenue Hotel Hotel 333 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,374 reviews 8.3 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Elk + Avenue Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Elk + Avenue Hotel Elk + Avenue Hotel is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 5666 All policies Amenities at Elk + Avenue Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Street parking Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Golf Skiing Horse riding Hiking Services Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Elk + Avenue Hotel Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Elk + Avenue Hotel Banff Ptarmigan Inn 8.0 Excellent 337 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Banff Ptarmigan Inn provides a comfortable setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Moose Hotel and Suites provides a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Aspen Lodge 7.9 Good 401 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this luxury hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, make for a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals High Country Inn 8.6 Excellent 419 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, High Country Inn Banff is an easy drive from Canmore and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Elk + Avenue Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,374 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 8.5Friends 8.3Families 8.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date S 6.7 Okay Susan h, May 2017 the rooms is not that clean and also the service is bad Photos of Elk + Avenue Hotel All photos (39) Bedroom (11) Living room (7) Building (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Elk + Avenue Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.6 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.0 km Sunshine Village15.0 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.4 km Upper Hot Springs3.2 km Mount Norquay5.0 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.4 km Banff Mount Royal0.4 km Banff Banff, Ab0.5 km Banff Luxton Museum South0.9 km Banff Ywca0.9 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge1.2 km FAQs when booking at Elk + Avenue Hotel Is pricing at Elk + Avenue Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? The average rate for a night at Elk + Avenue Hotel is 24% less than the Banff average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Elk + Avenue Hotel is typically C$ 191, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Banff. Is Elk + Avenue Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Elk + Avenue Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. What is the Elk + Avenue Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Elk + Avenue Hotel is by calling +1 403 762 5666. Does Elk + Avenue Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Elk + Avenue Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Elk + Avenue Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Elk + Avenue Hotel, Banff? On average, guests have been paying C$ 191 per night to stay at Elk + Avenue Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 97 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Elk + Avenue Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Elk + Avenue Hotel for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Elk + Avenue Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Elk + Avenue Hotel. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Elk + Avenue Hotel from Banff Park Museum? The popular Banff Park Museum is just over 0.6 km from Elk + Avenue Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Elk + Avenue Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
