https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Embassy_Suites_Montreal_by_Hilton.htm
Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Hotel 208 Saint Antoine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,708 reviews 7.6 C$ 244 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 288 8886 All policies Amenities at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Children's high chair Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Saint Francois Xavier Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 888 Rue Saint-Francois Xavier, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, Saint Francois Xavier Serviced Apartments by Hometrotting offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is moments from Bank of Montreal and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 744 Avg. per night View Deals LHotel Montreal 8.5 Excellent 262 Rue Saint-Jacques West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Central Station Montreal, LHotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It offers free wireless internet in public areas and is moments from Bank of Montreal and other tourist attractions. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Montreal 8.4 Excellent 360 Saint Antoine Street Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is situated in Montreal and features a saltwater swimming pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness room. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Monville 8.5 Excellent 1041, Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Hotel Monville provides easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief stroll from Saint Laurent Boulevard, Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,708 verified guest reviews 7.9Couples 7.9Friends 7.2Families 7.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal All photos (46) Living room (11) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (5) Kitchen (4) Where is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.3 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.5 km Place Bonaventure0.7 km Place Ville-Marie0.8 km Marché Bonsecours0.8 km Christ Church Cathedral0.8 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.4 km Montreal Central0.7 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal Bus1.3 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.5 km Montreal Kirkland23.8 km FAQs when booking at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal How close is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 15.6 km drive between Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal considered pet-friendly? Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal. How close is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal from the Montreal city center? Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal is 0.4 km away from the center of Ville-Marie, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal by various forms of transportation. What is the Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal phone number? The best way to contact Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal is by calling +1 514 288 8886. Does Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal? Yes, there is a gym available to Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal, Montreal? Usually Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal room prices are around C$ 257/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 42/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal? Yes - Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal is a good place to stay to see Vieux-Port de Montréal. It’s 0.5 km away. Is Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal close to Centre Bell? Centre Bell is also a popular place to see in Montreal. It is 1.2 km from Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
