https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Emerald_Hotel_Suites_Calgary_Airport.htm
Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Hotel 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada OkayBased on 2,157 reviews 5.8 C$ 58 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 5.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 587 997 7663 All policies Amenities at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South 7.3 Good 3111 26 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South provides a comfortable setting while in Calgary. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary/Airport 6.6 Good 3030 Barlow Tr NE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features a free shuttle service. It also offers a 24-hour business centre, laundry facilities and a 24-hour reception. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Cavalier Calgary Hotel 8.2 Excellent 2620 32 Avenue Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. It also features a ballroom, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Hotel Calgary, Trademark Collection by Wyndham 8.1 Excellent 2828 23 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Royal Hotel Calgary Trademark Collection by Wyndham provides a comfortable setting while in Calgary. It also features a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a fitness centre. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 2,157 verified guest reviews 5.8Solo 5.8Couples 5.5Families 5.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport All photos (19) Bedroom (5) Conference room (3) Building (2) Pool (2) Where is Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Most Popular Landmarks Chinook Centre10.5 km Market Mall11.1 km Heritage Park Historical Village12.8 km South Glenmore Park14.2 km Canada Olympic Park15.2 km Bowness Park15.5 km Getting Around Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station1.5 km Calgary Westbrook Mall10.7 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills13.9 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino14.3 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station14.7 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne2.8 km FAQs when booking at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Is pricing at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport comparable to 2 star hotels in Calgary? Hotels in Calgary that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 121/night, but on average, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is available for 65% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport for C$ 57/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Calgary. How close is Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is 5.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport? Getting from Calgary Airport to Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Calgary. Luckily, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. Is Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport? Yes, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport from the Calgary city center? Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is 3.9 km away from the center of Bridgeland/Riverside, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport phone number? The best way to contact Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is by calling +1 587 997 7663. Does Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport? Yes, there is a gym available to Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport, Calgary? Prices at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 57, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 8. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport? Yes - Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport does have a restaurant. Does Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
