https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Empire_Suites.htm
Empire Suites, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Empire Suites Empire Suites Hotel 1606 Rue Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 22 reviews 6.2 C$ 110 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Empire Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Empire Suites Just minutes from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Empire Suites offers a charming place to stay, close to Montreal's various attractions. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and che... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 6.2 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 849 3216 All policies Amenities at Empire Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Terrace/Patio Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Grill Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Free toiletries Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Microwave 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Library Services Conference rooms Ticket service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Empire Suites Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Empire Suites Hotel Bon Accueil 6.8 Good 1601 St-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Just a stone's throw from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers a Victorian place to stay, close to Montreal's various tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Lelux Hotel 5.6 Okay 1600 rue Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located only a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base when in Montreal. It also features free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arena Palace Montreal 1553, St André, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is moments on foot from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Star Montreal 910 Maisonneuve Boulevard East, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The hotel is located amongst Montreal's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also offers a concierge, luggage storage and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Empire Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.2 OkayBased on 22 verified guest reviews 3.0Friends 6.6Families 4.4Couples 6.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Empire Suites All photos (27) Bedroom (8) Lobby (5) Bathroom (2) Gym (2) Where is Empire Suites Most Popular Landmarks Marché Bonsecours1.2 km Notre-Dame Basilica1.4 km Vieux-Port de Montréal1.5 km Christ Church Cathedral1.6 km Stade Percival-Molson1.7 km Eaton Centre1.7 km Getting Around Montreal Bus0.1 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.7 km Montreal Central1.9 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.2 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.3 km FAQs when booking at Empire Suites How close is Empire Suites to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 15.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Empire Suites is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Empire Suites? Empire Suites has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Empire Suites from the Montreal city center? Empire Suites is 0.3 km away from the center of Latin Quarter, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Empire Suites by various forms of transportation. What is the Empire Suites phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Empire Suites please call +1 514 849 3216. Does Empire Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Empire Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Empire Suites? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Empire Suites. What is the check-out time at Empire Suites? Empire Suites check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Empire Suites, Montreal? C$ 47 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Empire Suites, with average deals around C$ 117 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Empire Suites have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Empire Suites from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Empire Suites is a good place to stay to see Vieux-Port de Montréal. It’s 1.5 km away. Is Empire Suites close to Centre Bell? Centre Bell is also a popular place to see in Montreal. It is 2.4 km from Empire Suites. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Empire Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
