https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Eurostars_Bcn_Design.htm
Eurostars Bcn Design 5, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Hotel Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain C$ 171 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It is located a brief stroll from Gran Via, Placa de Catalunya and University of Barcelona. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 12.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 933 444 555 All policies Amenities at Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Room service Coffee shop 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Business centre Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Grand Marina 8.1 Excellent Moll De Barcelona S/n, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Boasting exclusive views of Port Vell, Eurostars Grand Marina is set in the heart of Barcelona and offers a rooftop terrace, a sauna and a rooftop pool. It has free wireless internet, a bar and is moments from Port Vell Aerial Tramway. All rooms are air conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen TV, a mini bar and cable/satellite channels. They each offer slippers, a telephone and a desk. Guests staying at Eurostars Grand Marina can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, conveniently located for those who want to stay close by when looking for a bite to eat. Eurostars Grand Marina is close to Barcelona's well-known attractions, with the Columbus Monument, La Rambla and Barcelona Royal Shipyard just a 10-minute walk away. Guests are able to tour the area using the hotel's rental bicycles. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Hcc St. Moritz 8.6 Excellent Diputacio 262-264, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Barcelona City Centre, this 4-star hotel is moments from the Casa Batllo. It is situated a short stroll from La Rambla, Placa de Catalunya and Passeig de Gracia. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Cosmo Apartments Passeig de Gràcia 7.6 Good Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also offers babysitting/child services, a concierge and a swimming pool. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean Drive Barcelona 8.8 Excellent Calle Aragon 300, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also provides 24-hour room service, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Catalonia Eixample 1864 8.3 Excellent Roger De Llúria 60, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Eurostars Bcn Design 5 All photos (36) Bedroom (14) Bathroom (5) Living room (3) Room amenity (3) Where is Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.3 km La Rambla1.1 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.1 km Palau Guell1.5 km Sagrada Familia1.6 km Sant Pau del Camp1.6 km Getting Around Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.2 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.5 km Barcelona0.5 km Barcelona Llúria - Urquinaona0.6 km Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.6 km Barcelona Girona0.6 km FAQs when booking at Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Is pricing at Eurostars Bcn Design 5 comparable to 5 star hotels in Barcelona? Nightly rates at Eurostars Bcn Design 5 will generally be 51% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Barcelona. When staying at Eurostars Bcn Design 5, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 278/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Barcelona for a 5-stars hotel. How close is Eurostars Bcn Design 5 to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With a distance of 12.5 km between Eurostars Bcn Design 5 and the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 09m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Eurostars Bcn Design 5? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Eurostars Bcn Design 5 from the Barcelona city center? Eurostars Bcn Design 5 is just 0.2 km away from the center of Eixample, Barcelona. From Eurostars Bcn Design 5 you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Eurostars Bcn Design 5 phone number? The best way to contact Eurostars Bcn Design 5 is by calling +34 933 444 555. Does Eurostars Bcn Design 5 have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Eurostars Bcn Design 5 has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Eurostars Bcn Design 5? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Eurostars Bcn Design 5, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Eurostars Bcn Design 5, Barcelona? On average, guests have been paying C$ 278 per night to stay at Eurostars Bcn Design 5. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 126 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Eurostars Bcn Design 5? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Eurostars Bcn Design 5 for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Eurostars Bcn Design 5 have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Eurostars Bcn Design 5. How far is Eurostars Bcn Design 5 from Placa d'Espanya? You can walk to Placa d'Espanya while staying at Eurostars Bcn Design 5 - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Eurostars Bcn Design 5 close to Passeig de Gracia? Walking distance - there’s 0.3 km between Passeig de Gracia and Eurostars Bcn Design 5. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
