https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Extended_Stay_America_Orlando_Southpark_Commodity_Circle.htm
Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Hotel 8687 Commodity Circle, Orlando, FL, United States OkayBased on 242 reviews 5.9 C$ 118 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Boasting an outdoor pool, Extended Stay America - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It features comfortable rooms with a private bathro... More Good to Know To Downtown 11.4 km Rating 5.9 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 12.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 248 8010 All policies Amenities at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Grill Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heating Shower Dishwasher Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham Orlando South 5.0 Okay 2051 Consulate Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, La Quinta Inn is an easy drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Walt Disney World Resort. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall 5.3 Okay 9301 S Orange Blossom Trl, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Las Palmeras by Hilton Grand Vacations 8.9 Excellent 9501 Universal Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Situated in Orlando, this 4-star property is modern and elegant. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall 8.7 Excellent 1500 Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall provides a modern setting while in Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.9 PassableBased on 242 verified guest reviews 5.2Families 6.7Couples 6.6Solo 4.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date D 7.1 Good D, Apr. 2018 As expected. Basic rooms with cooking area -- good enough for what I needed and matched my expectations. OK location - no traffic problems, 20 min driving to theme parks, shopping and dining near by. Grab and go breakfast could have been good enough; however, service was very poor -- almost all items were missing every other day (yogurt, energy bars, orange juice, butter, jam, ...). No plates or pans by default -- have to ask for them and pickup from reception -- this is OK, but should have been told on check-in rather than having to go back to reception after going to room. Should provide more plates and better ventilation for cooking (leaving windows open all day did not help at all). Room was not super clean but OK, but Hotel forgot to do the weekly cleaning. T 7.0 Good Talal, Mar. 2017 I have stayed for 5 nights and i was not told that they only clean the rooms if I had stayed for 7 nights. I don't recommend it for families. Photos of Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle All photos (30) Bedroom (12) Kitchen (6) Living room (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Most Popular Landmarks Gatorland10.3 km Tinker Field10.6 km Amway Center11.3 km Central Florida Fairgrounds11.9 km Epcot14.1 km Magic Kingdom Park15.1 km Getting Around Orlando10.0 km Orlando Bus11.4 km Orlando S Rosalind Av and E Jackson St11.6 km Orlando Orlando, Fl11.7 km Orlando 5046 W Colonial Dr11.9 km Orlando S Semoran Blvd11.9 km FAQs when booking at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Is pricing at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle comparable to 2 star hotels in Orlando? There is a 29% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Orlando and the average nightly rate at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle. The rate at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle is just C$ 141/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Orlando. How close is Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With a distance of 12 km between Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle and the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 09m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle? Getting from Orlando Airport to Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Orlando Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle during their stay. Is there a pool at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle? Yes, Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle from the Orlando city center? Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle is 3.2 km away from the center of Camellia Gardens, Orlando. Consider visiting Universal Orlando Resort, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle by various forms of transportation. What is the Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle please call +1 407 248 8010. Does Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle, Orlando? C$ 85 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle, with average deals around C$ 141 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle have a laundry service? Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
