https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairmont_The_Palm.htm
Fairmont The Palm, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Fairmont The Palm Fairmont The Palm Hotel Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 3,688 reviews 7.9 C$ 447 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont The Palm Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont The Palm This comfortable resort in Dubai offers free wireless internet, as well as a private beach and an outdoor pool. It also features a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. Guests can enjoy a range of ... More Good to Know To Downtown 16.6 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 27.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4457 3388 All policies Amenities at Fairmont The Palm Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Swimming pool toys Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Conditioner Valet parking Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Surfing Board games/puzzles Golf Cycling Evening entertainment Cooking classes Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Pay-per-view channels Table tennis Playground Pool table Water sport facilities (on site) Massage Yoga Show more Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont The Palm Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Fairmont The Palm Royal Central Hotel The Palm 8.2 Excellent East Crescent, The Palm Jumeirah, 22369, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Dubai offers free wireless internet, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature and an infinity pool. It also provides free private parking on site and 23 Marina is a brief car trip away. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals Le Méridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort & Waterpark 8.1 Excellent Dubai Marina, PO Box 213084, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Located in Dubai Marina, Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort & Marina offers 5-star accommodation and an outdoor pool, a private beach and a swimming pool. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 423 Avg. per night View Deals Jumeirah Zabeel Saray 8.7 Excellent Palm Jumeirah, West Crescent, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Providing outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and an indoor pool, Jumeirah Zabeel Saray is a luxurious base in Dubai. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara The Palm Dubai Resort 8.5 Excellent Palm Jumeirah, East Crescent, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.5 km from current hotel Boasting an infinity pool, outdoor tennis courts and a private beach, Anantara The Palm Dubai Resort is located in Dubai and offers luxury accommodation. Some of the popular features on offer at this traditional 5-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont The Palm 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 3,688 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 8.1Couples 7.9Friends 7.9Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 7.5 Good Ashok, Jul. 2019 we enjoyed the large rooms, and multiple pools. however, we got our room 3 hours after reaching the hotel. service generally was a bit slow S 9.7 Excellent sofeyachakik, Apr. 2019 hotel service and staff was amazing. rooms were huge and beds were super comfy. breakfast options were endless and very high quality. would def stay here longer next time. construction going on did not affect our stay. M 10.0 Excellent mrbutt2222, Sep. 2018 lovely place and excellent service. Photos of Fairmont The Palm All photos (60) Living room (10) Bedroom (7) Other (7) Pool (6) Where is Fairmont The Palm Most Popular Landmarks Burj Khalifa16.5 km The Dubai Fountain16.6 km Dubai Mall17.0 km Meydan Racecourse17.2 km Emirates Towers18.6 km Al Karama22.6 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station21.1 km Dubai Np22.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus24.9 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station3.3 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach47.2 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont The Palm Is pricing at Fairmont The Palm comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Fairmont The Palm is 17% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Fairmont The Palm is typically C$ 595, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Fairmont The Palm to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At just 27.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to Fairmont The Palm is 0h 21m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Fairmont The Palm? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Fairmont The Palm where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Fairmont The Palm? Yes, Fairmont The Palm has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Fairmont The Palm from the Dubai city center? The center of Dubai Marina, Dubai, is just 3.2 km away from the front doors of Fairmont The Palm. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Gold Souq, which you can get to from Fairmont The Palm using any means of transportation. What is the Fairmont The Palm phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +971 4457 3388. Does Fairmont The Palm have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont The Palm has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont The Palm? Yes, there is a gym available to Fairmont The Palm guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Fairmont The Palm? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont The Palm, Dubai? Usually Fairmont The Palm room prices are around C$ 595/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 37/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont The Palm? There is a restaurant located in Fairmont The Palm. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Fairmont The Palm have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Fairmont The Palm. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Fairmont The Palm Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
