https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairmont_The_Queen_Elizabeth.htm
Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Hotel 900 Boulevard Rene Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 970 reviews 7.9 C$ 278 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Conveniently situated, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth offers easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel Mon... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.9 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 861 3511 All policies Amenities at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Playground Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Hotel Bonaventure Montreal 8.1 Excellent 900 Rue De La Gauchetiere West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Bonaventure Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. The multiple amenities this elegant hotel has to offer include an outdoor heated pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1250 Boulevard Robert-Bourassa, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is close to Montreal's Underground City. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain 8.8 Excellent 1050 de la Gauchetiere West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain offers easy access to Montreal's popular sightseeing areas. It also features a heated pool, a sauna and a bowling alley. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites 8.8 Excellent 1193, Place Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Square Phillips Hotel & Suites allows for easy access to Montreal's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It offers complimentary wireless internet, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of Montreal's Underground City. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 970 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.5Friends 8.1Couples 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth All photos (60) Living room (14) Bedroom (13) Lounge (9) Restaurant (5) Where is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Most Popular Landmarks Place Ville-Marie0.1 km Place Bonaventure0.3 km Eaton Centre0.4 km Christ Church Cathedral0.4 km Centre Bell0.5 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.9 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.2 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.7 km Montreal Bus1.8 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.1 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.1 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth How close is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 14.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth considered pet-friendly? Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Montreal often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth from the Montreal city center? Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth is just 0.2 km away from the center of Downtown, Montreal. From Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 861 3511 to talk to a Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth front desk representative. Does Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth? Yes. You should consider staying at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth? Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth, Montreal? Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 336/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 170/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth? There is a restaurant located in Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth is about 1.3 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth close to Centre Bell? 0.5 km - making Centre Bell a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
