https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Fairmont_Hotel_Vancouver.htm
Fairmont Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Hotel 900 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 890 reviews 8.3 C$ 257 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 684 3131 All policies Amenities at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Scuba diving Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Hyatt Regency Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 655 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hyatt Regency Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a few minutes on foot from Waterfront Station. This unique hotel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver is set in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Spacious 1 Bedroom Apartment In Downtown Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Waterfront Station, Spacious 1 Bedroom Apartment In Downtown provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Vancouver. It is moments from Vancouver Art Gallery, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver 8.6 Excellent 645 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a short stroll from Waterfront Station. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Canada Place, the Vancouver Public Library and Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont Hotel Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 890 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.3Couples 8.2Families 8.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairmont Hotel Vancouver All photos (57) Bedroom (11) Other (10) Living room (7) Building (6) Where is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.2 km Waterfront Centre0.7 km BC Place Stadium1.0 km Rogers Arena1.1 km False Creek1.6 km Granville Island Public Market1.7 km Getting Around Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.2 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.5 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.7 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.8 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.9 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Is pricing at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? Hotels in Vancouver that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 240/night, but on average, Fairmont Hotel Vancouver is available for 18% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver for C$ 267/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Vancouver. How close is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With a distance of 0.8 km between Fairmont Hotel Vancouver and the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Fairmont Hotel Vancouver? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Fairmont Hotel Vancouver during their stay. Is there a pool at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver? Yes. Many people visiting Vancouver look for a hotel with a pool. Fairmont Hotel Vancouver has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? The center of Downtown, Vancouver, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Fairmont Hotel Vancouver. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Fairmont Hotel Vancouver using any means of transportation. What is the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver phone number? The best way to contact Fairmont Hotel Vancouver is by calling +1 604 684 3131. Does Fairmont Hotel Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont Hotel Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver? Yes, there is a gym available to Fairmont Hotel Vancouver guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver? A good deal at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver right now is between C$ 195 and C$ 267 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver? Yes - Fairmont Hotel Vancouver does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Fairmont Hotel Vancouver have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Fairmont Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? The popular TELUS World of Science is just over 1.7 km from Fairmont Hotel Vancouver. Is Fairmont Hotel Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? Fairmont Hotel Vancouver is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Rogers Arena, which is 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
