https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairfield_Inn_Suites_by_Marriott_Calgary_Downtown.htm
Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotel 239 12th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 489 reviews 8.5 C$ 179 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southwest/4 Street Southwest Station, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calga... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.5 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 351 6500 All policies Amenities at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Microwave Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Continental breakfast Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Beauty salon All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotel Arts 8.1 Excellent 119 12th Avenue Sw, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Arts is set in Calgary and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including Calgary Tower and the Glenbow Museum. It offers an outdoor pool and a day spa. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Calgary, The Fairmont Palliser features a sauna, a hot tub and a swimming pool, and is moments from Calgary Tower. There is also a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment, a steam room and a swimming pool. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Le Germain Calgary provides a luxury setting while in Calgary. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna and massage services. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 110 9th Avenue SE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southeast Station, Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calgary. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 489 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.8Friends 8.4Families 8.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown All photos (21) Bathroom (3) Bedroom (3) Gym (3) Building (2) Where is Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Central Memorial Park0.3 km Calgary Tower0.5 km Olympic Plaza0.8 km Downtown Calgary0.9 km Stampede Corral Arena1.0 km Stampede Park1.1 km Getting Around Calgary 205 9 Ave SE0.6 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn1.1 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne1.6 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino11.9 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills18.7 km Calgary Greyhound Terminal2.3 km FAQs when booking at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown How close is Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? At just 9.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown is 0h 07m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown? Getting from Calgary Airport to Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Calgary. Luckily, Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown from the Calgary city center? The center of Downtown, Calgary, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as McMahon Stadium, which you can get to from Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown using any means of transportation. What is the Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown please call +1 403 351 6500. Does Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown? Yes, Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown, Calgary? On average, guests have been paying C$ 204 per night to stay at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 142 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown? Yes, food can be ordered from the Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown from Calgary Tower? Calgary Tower in Calgary is 0.5 km away from Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown. Is Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown close to Stampede Park? Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Stampede Park, which is 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
