https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Fairmont_Hotel_Macdonald.htm
Fairmont Hotel Macdonald, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Hotel 10065 100 St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 359 reviews 8.2 C$ 222 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Centrally located, The Fairmont Hotel Macdonald offers easy access to Edmonton's best tourist attractions. Featuring views of Shaw Conference Centre, it also provides a wide range of facilities, inclu... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 424 5181 All policies Amenities at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Grill EV charging station Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Spa bath Breakfast in the room Kettle Refrigerator Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Valet parking Vending machine (drinks) Desk Show more Activities Golf Cycling Fitness centre Squash Hiking Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Courtyard by Marriott Edmonton Downtown 8.1 Excellent One Thornton Court 99 Street And Jasper Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Courtyard By Marriott Edmonton Downtown allows for easy access to Edmonton's main tourist attractions. Some of the popular features on offer at this 3-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Edmonton 8.1 Excellent 10135 100 St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally situated, The Westin Edmonton offers easy access to Edmonton's popular hot spots. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Lacombe Hotel 7.5 Good 10111 Bellamy Hill Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites 7.7 Good 10222 102 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites allows for easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont Hotel Macdonald 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 359 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 8.0Solo 8.3Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairmont Hotel Macdonald All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Other (8) Living room (7) Banquet hall (6) Where is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Most Popular Landmarks Edmonton City Centre0.5 km Rogers Place0.9 km Edmonton Ski Club1.2 km South Edmonton Common10.4 km Ellerslie Rugby Park12.7 km Summerside Lake13.7 km Getting Around Edmonton Welcome Center0.3 km Edmonton 10014 104 St0.6 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre2.1 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel2.8 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall3.2 km Edmonton 11204 119 St3.4 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald How close is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? There are 26.6 km between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Fairmont Hotel Macdonald. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 20m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Fairmont Hotel Macdonald? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald. Is there a pool at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald? Yes, Fairmont Hotel Macdonald has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald from the Edmonton city center? Fairmont Hotel Macdonald is just 0.6 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Fairmont Hotel Macdonald, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Fairmont Hotel Macdonald phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 780 424 5181 to talk to a Fairmont Hotel Macdonald front desk representative. Does Fairmont Hotel Macdonald have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont Hotel Macdonald has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald. What is the check-out time at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald, Edmonton? A good deal at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald right now is between C$ 168 and C$ 344 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald? Yes - Fairmont Hotel Macdonald does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Fairmont Hotel Macdonald have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald, Edmonton. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald from Commonwealth Stadium? You can walk to Commonwealth Stadium while staying at Fairmont Hotel Macdonald - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Fairmont Hotel Macdonald close to Citadel Theatre? Citadel Theatre is also a popular place to see in Edmonton. It is 0.3 km from Fairmont Hotel Macdonald. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
