https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairfield_Inn_Suites_by_Marriott_Ottawa_Kanata.htm
Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotel 578 Terry Fox Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 18 reviews 7.0 C$ 178 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Situated in Ottawa, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and provides an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. It features a gym, as well as a 24-hour... More Good to Know To Downtown 20.9 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 18.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 599 7767 All policies Amenities at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Linens Towels Cribs available Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Microwave Indoor pool Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Sauna Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Ottawa Kanata, An IHG Hotel 8.1 Excellent 101 Kanata Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Holiday Inn & Suites Ottawa West - Kanata provides contemporary accommodation in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Terry Fox Bus Station. Some of the popular facilities at this award-winning 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 172 Avg. per night View Deals Residences at Kanata Lakes 8.6 Excellent 1100 Canadian Shield Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, just a 10-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, Residences at Kanata Lakes provides 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also offers laundry facilities, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata 8.6 Excellent 1251 Maritime Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Located under a 20-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata offers guests an ideal base when in Ottawa. Some of the popular features at this 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Kanata 8.8 Excellent 900 Great Lakes Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Terry Fox Bus Station, Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Kanata provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Ottawa. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 18 verified guest reviews 7.2Solo 8.0Friends 6.2Families 7.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata All photos (13) Bedroom (3) Bathroom (2) Living room (2) Building (1) Where is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Most Popular Landmarks Bell Sensplex0.5 km Canadian Tire Centre1.4 km Commissioners Park19.0 km Canadian War Museum19.7 km Lansdowne Park20.8 km Bank Street Promenade20.9 km Getting Around Ottawa Terry Fox0.9 km Ottawa Kanata Town Centre1.6 km Ottawa Fallowfield13.4 km Ottawa Bus Terminal20.4 km Ottawa Central20.5 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon20.7 km FAQs when booking at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata How close is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is 18.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 14m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Ottawa, renting a car for around C$ 57/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Ottawa Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata from the Ottawa city center? The center of Kanata, Ottawa, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian War Museum, which you can get to from Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata using any means of transportation. What is the Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 613 599 7767. Does Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Yes, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? The standard check-out time at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Ottawa? Usually Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata room prices are around C$ 171/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 141/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata from Canadian Tire Centre? You can walk to Canadian Tire Centre while staying at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata - you’ll be about 1.4 km away. Is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata close to Bell Sensplex? 0.5 km - making Bell Sensplex a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
