https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairfield_Inn_Suites_by_Marriott_Ottawa_Airport.htm
Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Hotel 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,166 reviews 9.1 C$ 162 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.4 km Rating 9.1 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 691 2161 All policies Amenities at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Cribs available EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Continental breakfast Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Free airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Airport 8.3 Excellent 2400 Alert Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel provides comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Ottawa Airport, An IHG Hotel 8.7 Excellent 2881 Gibford Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also provides a kids pool, a heated pool and meeting rooms. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport, ON, CN 8.5 Excellent 2869 Gibford Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel The hotel offers 2-star accommodation in Ottawa, just moments from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Ottawa Airport 7.6 Good 366 Hunt Club Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located within Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel provides comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and meeting rooms. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 1,166 verified guest reviews 9.1Couples 9.3Friends 9.1Families 8.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport All photos (38) Bedroom (7) Restaurant (5) Room amenity (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Most Popular Landmarks St. Laurent Centre10.5 km Bank Street Promenade10.7 km Confederation Park11.0 km Canadian War Museum11.2 km Rideau Centre11.2 km Ottawa Art Gallery11.3 km Getting Around Ottawa St Laurent10.4 km Ottawa Slater / Bank10.9 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe11.0 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode11.0 km Ottawa Kent / Queen11.1 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland11.1 km FAQs when booking at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Is pricing at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? Nightly rates at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport will generally be 9% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Ottawa. When staying at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 151/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Ottawa for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 1.5 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport? Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Ottawa, renting a car for around C$ 55/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Ottawa Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Ottawa can always take the shuttle from Ottawa Airport which is provided by Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport? Yes, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport from the Ottawa city center? The center of Nepean, Ottawa, is just 5.6 km away from the front doors of Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian War Museum, which you can get to from Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport using any means of transportation. What is the Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 613 691 2161. Does Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport. What is the check-out time at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Ottawa? Usually Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport room prices are around C$ 151/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 130/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Ottawa. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
