https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairmont_Le_Chateau_Frontenac.htm
Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Hotel 1 rue des Carrieres, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,832 reviews 8.7 C$ 287 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Centrally located, Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac allows for easy access to Quebec City's main tourist and retail hot spots. Just a short walk from Price Building, it provides comfortable rooms equippe... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 14.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 692 3861 All policies Amenities at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Ski-in/Ski-out Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Hotel Jardin du Gouverneur 7.0 Good 16, Rue Mont-Carmel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Hotel Jardin du Gouverneur allows for easy access to Quebec City's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Du Tresor 8.6 Excellent 20 Rue Sainte Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Auberge du Tresor provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It also features a terrace, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Chateau Bellevue 8.0 Excellent 16 Rue de la Porte, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Hotel Chateau Bellevue offers easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also features a Jacuzzi and a fitness centre. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Sainte-Anne 8.3 Excellent 32, Rue Sainte-Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Sainte-Anne Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers a concierge, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,831 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 8.7Families 8.7Couples 8.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Restaurant (8) Living room (7) Outdoors view (5) Where is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Most Popular Landmarks Quartier Petit Champlain0.1 km Dufferin Terrace0.1 km Place Royale0.2 km Museum of Civilization0.4 km Plains of Abraham0.8 km Church of St. Roch1.4 km Getting Around Québec City St-Augustin0.9 km Québec City Gare du Palais0.9 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.3 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.4 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.9 km Québec City Camp Mercier47.2 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac How close is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? There are 14.1 km between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac? Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac. Is there a pool at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac? Yes, Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac from the Québec City city center? Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac is just 0.1 km away from the center of Vieux Québec, Québec City. From Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Quebec Aquarium Park. What is the Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 692 3861. Does Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac? Yes. You should consider staying at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac, Québec City? On average, guests have been paying C$ 392 per night to stay at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 173 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac? Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac, Québec City. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac from Place Royale? Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac is a good place to stay to see Place Royale. It’s 0.2 km away. Is Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac close to Dufferin Terrace? 0.1 km - making Dufferin Terrace a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
