https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fairholme_Manor_Inn.htm
Fairholme Manor Inn, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Fairholme Manor Inn Fairholme Manor Inn Bed & Breakfast 638 Rockland Place, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 213 reviews 9.7 C$ 219 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairholme Manor Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairholme Manor Inn Fairholme Manor Inn provides 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers free Wi-Fi, massage services and a beauty centre. Guests staying at Fairholme Manor Inn can relax in their stylis... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 9.7 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 598 3240 All policies Amenities at Fairholme Manor Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Linens Towels Fan Fireplace Adults only Fire extinguisher Sea view Seating area Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Mountain view Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Show more Activities Massage Services Daily housekeeping Concierge service All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairholme Manor Inn Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Fairholme Manor Inn Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn 9.0 Excellent 1470 Rockland Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Abbeymoore Manor provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Villa Marco Polo Bed And Breakfast Inn 1524 Shasta Place, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Villa Marco Polo Bed and Breakfast Inn provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Amethyst Inn 8.9 Excellent 1501 Fort Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Ideally located in Victoria, Amethyst Inn offers historic accommodation an easy drive from the Royal British Columbia Museum. It is situated a brief walk from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria and the Craigdarroch Castle. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Trutch Manor 621 Trutch Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Trutch Manor provides a comfortable setting when in Victoria. It also offers a concierge, free Wi-Fi and luggage storage. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairholme Manor Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.7 ExcellentBased on 213 verified guest reviews 9.6Families 9.9Solo 9.8Friends 9.6Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairholme Manor Inn All photos (28) Living room (5) Dining room (5) Bedroom (4) Building (4) Where is Fairholme Manor Inn Most Popular Landmarks Hatley Castle10.0 km Bear Mountain Golf Club15.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre2.0 km Open Space Arts Society2.3 km Victoria Harbour2.5 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf3.2 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station2.0 km Victoria Douglas at View2.0 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery2.3 km Victoria Ferry2.6 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.7 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson3.7 km FAQs when booking at Fairholme Manor Inn Is pricing at Fairholme Manor Inn comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? Hotels in Victoria that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 256/night, but on average, Fairholme Manor Inn is available for 32% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Fairholme Manor Inn for C$ 235/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Victoria. How close is Fairholme Manor Inn to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With no traffic, the 2.5 km drive between Fairholme Manor Inn and Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Fairholme Manor Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Victoria, consider renting a car for about C$ 34/day and parking it at Fairholme Manor Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Fairholme Manor Inn from the Victoria city center? The center of Rockland, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Fairholme Manor Inn. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from Fairholme Manor Inn using any means of transportation. What is the Fairholme Manor Inn phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 250 598 3240 to talk to a Fairholme Manor Inn front desk representative. Does Fairholme Manor Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairholme Manor Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Fairholme Manor Inn? Fairholme Manor Inn has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Fairholme Manor Inn, Victoria? Usually Fairholme Manor Inn room prices are around C$ 235/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 186/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is Fairholme Manor Inn from Emily Carr House? Fairholme Manor Inn is a walkable distance (2.4 km) from Emily Carr House, Victoria. Is Fairholme Manor Inn close to Royal Theatre? Fairholme Manor Inn is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Theatre, which is 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Fairholme Manor Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
