https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Fairmont_Waterfront.htm
Fairmont Waterfront, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Fairmont Waterfront Fairmont Waterfront Hotel 900 Canada Place Way, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 669 reviews 8.3 C$ 312 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fairmont Waterfront Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Fairmont Waterfront Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, The Fairmont Waterfront is only a five-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal. Located in the city centre, the hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 691 1991 All policies Amenities at Fairmont Waterfront Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Elevator Minibar Shampoo Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Ski storage Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Fairmont Waterfront Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Fairmont Waterfront Pan Pacific Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 999 Canada Pl, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ideally located in Vancouver, Pan Pacific Vancouver is a short walk from Cruise Ship Terminal and provides free internet access. Guests also have exclusive access to the Spa Utopia and Fitness Club. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Vancouver Hotel 8.7 Excellent 837 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in the heart of Vancouver, Auberge Vancouver Hotel is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. This unique hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal, Fairmont Pacific Rim provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. This luxury hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 483 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 6.5 Good 921 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is located conveniently in Vancouver and is within walking distance of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fairmont Waterfront 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 669 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 8.4Couples 8.2Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fairmont Waterfront All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Living room (6) Restaurant (6) Other (6) Where is Fairmont Waterfront Most Popular Landmarks Waterfront Centre0.1 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.5 km Rogers Arena1.1 km BC Place Stadium1.2 km TELUS World of Science1.7 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.7 km Getting Around Vancouver Waterfront Station0.2 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.5 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.0 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.0 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.2 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.3 km FAQs when booking at Fairmont Waterfront Is pricing at Fairmont Waterfront comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? Hotels in Vancouver that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 254/night, but on average, Fairmont Waterfront is available for 9% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Fairmont Waterfront for C$ 310/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Vancouver. How close is Fairmont Waterfront to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 0.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to Fairmont Waterfront is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Fairmont Waterfront? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Fairmont Waterfront where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Fairmont Waterfront guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Fairmont Waterfront considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Fairmont Waterfront. Is there a pool at Fairmont Waterfront? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Vancouver often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Fairmont Waterfront for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Fairmont Waterfront from the Vancouver city center? The center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Fairmont Waterfront. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Fairmont Waterfront using any means of transportation. What is the Fairmont Waterfront phone number? You can reach the front desk of Fairmont Waterfront at +1 604 691 1991. Does Fairmont Waterfront have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fairmont Waterfront has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fairmont Waterfront? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Fairmont Waterfront. What is the check-out time at Fairmont Waterfront? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Fairmont Waterfront, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Fairmont Waterfront, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 310 per night to stay at Fairmont Waterfront. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 220 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Fairmont Waterfront? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Fairmont Waterfront, Vancouver. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Fairmont Waterfront have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Fairmont Waterfront. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Fairmont Waterfront from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at Fairmont Waterfront - you’ll be about 1.7 km away. Is Fairmont Waterfront close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Fairmont Waterfront to Rogers Arena is 1.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Fairmont Waterfront Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
