https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Finest_Playa_Mujeres_by_Excellence_Group_All_inclusive.htm
Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Hotel Vialidad Paseo Mujeres Mz 1, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 603 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Finest Playa Mujeres by Excellence Group - All inclusive provides a luxury setting while in Cancun. Some of the facilities provided at this 5-star resort are an all-inclusive meal plan, outdoor tennis... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.0 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 24.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 872 8180 All policies Amenities at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Beach towels Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Shops (on site) Room service Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Child pool Enhanced cleaning Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Air-conditioned Safe Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Outdoor tennis Eco tourism Fishing Aerobics Fitness centre Playground Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa Beauty salon Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Providing outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and a rooftop terrace, Excellence Playa Mujeres - Adults Only - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Beloved Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Lt 34, Mza 1 Condominio Playa Mujeres, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Beloved Playa Mujeres by Excellence All Inclusive AdultsOnly offers modern 5-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. The various amenities this stylish resort has to offer include a Turkish steam bath, an express check-in and check-out feature and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 638 Avg. per night View Deals Villa del Palmar Cancun Luxury Beach Resort & Spa 7.9 Good Carretera Punta Sam Km. 5.2, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a private beach and a swimming pool, Villa del Palmar Cancun Beach Resort & Spa is located in Cancun and offers comfortable accommodation. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals All Ritmo Cancun Resort & Water Park Km. 1.5 Carretera A Puerto Juarez, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 4.7 km from current hotel All Ritmo Cancun Resort & Water Park provides a modern setting while in Cancun. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and water slides. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review 10.0Couples Traveller type: Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection All photos (29) Other (12) Pool (4) Balcony (3) Restaurant (2) Where is Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas12.2 km Playa Gaviota Azul13.9 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun20.0 km Playa Delfines20.6 km Puerto Cancun9.4 km Getting Around Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort0.1 km Cancún Tortugas Beach10.0 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor10.5 km Cancún Plaza Nautilus10.9 km Cancún Plaza Terra Viva11.4 km Cancún Ado López Portillo11.7 km FAQs when booking at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection How close is Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With a distance of 24.2 km between Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection and the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 20/day and parking it at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection from the Cancún city center? Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection is 10.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. Consider visiting Playa Delfines, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection by various forms of transportation. What is the Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection phone number? The best way to contact Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection is by calling +52 998 872 8180. Does Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection? Yes. You should consider staying at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection? The standard check-out time at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection, Cancún? A good deal at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection right now is between C$ 45 and C$ 616 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection that can be used by guests. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Finest Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
