https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Flemings_Mayfair.htm
Flemings Mayfair, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Flemings Mayfair Flemings Mayfair Hotel 7-12 Half Moon Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 530 reviews 8.7 C$ 509 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Flemings Mayfair Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Flemings Mayfair Just minutes from Green Park Tube Station, Flemings Mayfair is one of London's oldest hotels and offers luxury accommodation and facilities, including a fully-equipped gym. Close to shops and restaura... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 21.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 499 0000 All policies Amenities at Flemings Mayfair Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Toaster Toilet Toilet paper Toothbrush Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Flemings Mayfair Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Flemings Mayfair Sheraton Grand London Park Lane 8.2 Excellent Piccadilly, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in London, Sheraton Grand London Park Lane offers stylish, 5-star accommodation close to Green Park. The numerous facilities this modern hotel features include 24-hour room service, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 446 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in London, InterContinental London Park Lane provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. The various facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include an executive floor, an express check-in and check-out feature and a beauty centre. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals The Z Hotel Piccadilly 8.0 Excellent 2 Orange Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel The Z Hotel Piccadilly is in Westminster and is within a two minute walk to the Her Majesty's Theatre and the Prince of Wales Theatre. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals The Trafalgar St. James London, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.9 Excellent 2 Spring Gardens, Trafalgar Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Set in Westminster, this luxury hotel provides 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Trafalgar Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 483 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Flemings Mayfair 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 530 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.7Families 8.3Solo 9.1Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date T 10.0 Excellent transmole, May 2019 very good location Photos of Flemings Mayfair All photos (49) Bedroom (16) Living room (7) Bathroom (6) Dining room (4) Where is Flemings Mayfair Most Popular Landmarks Buckingham Palace0.6 km Piccadilly Circus0.8 km Oxford Circus1.0 km Leicester Square1.1 km Trafalgar Square1.2 km Harrods1.5 km Getting Around London Hilton Hotel0.5 km London Piccadilly Circus0.8 km London Parl Lane1.1 km London Marble Arch1.2 km London Marble Arch1.2 km London Victoria1.3 km FAQs when booking at Flemings Mayfair Is pricing at Flemings Mayfair comparable to 5 star hotels in London? Hotels in London that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 805/night, but on average, Flemings Mayfair is available for 43% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Flemings Mayfair for C$ 621/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit London. How close is Flemings Mayfair to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At just 21.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to Flemings Mayfair is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Flemings Mayfair? Flemings Mayfair has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in London, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from London Heathrow Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Flemings Mayfair considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Flemings Mayfair. How close is Flemings Mayfair from the London city center? Flemings Mayfair is 0.4 km away from the center of Mayfair, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Flemings Mayfair by various forms of transportation. What is the Flemings Mayfair phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Flemings Mayfair please call +44 207 499 0000. Does Flemings Mayfair have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Flemings Mayfair has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Flemings Mayfair? Yes, there is a gym available to Flemings Mayfair guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Flemings Mayfair? The standard check-out time at Flemings Mayfair is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Flemings Mayfair, London? Usually Flemings Mayfair room prices are around C$ 621/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 367/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Flemings Mayfair? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Flemings Mayfair for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Flemings Mayfair have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Flemings Mayfair, London. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Flemings Mayfair from Hyde Park? Flemings Mayfair is about 1.8 km from Hyde Park, one of London’s most popular landmarks. Is Flemings Mayfair close to Nobu Portman Square? Nobu Portman Square is also a popular place to see in London. It is 1.4 km from Flemings Mayfair. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Flemings Mayfair Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
