https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Floridays_Resort_Orlando.htm
Floridays Resort Orlando, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Floridays Resort Orlando Floridays Resort Orlando Resort 12562 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 8,269 reviews 8.1 C$ 207 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Floridays Resort Orlando Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Floridays Resort Orlando Floridays Resort Orlando is situated in International Drive, just 25 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a lake and a Jacuzzi. This relaxed r... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.3 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 17.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 238 7700 All policies Amenities at Floridays Resort Orlando Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Kids meals No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Pool bar Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Dining room First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Desk Dining area Dining table Washing machine DVD player Show more Activities Game room Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Floridays Resort Orlando Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 900 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 573 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Floridays Resort Orlando Bluegreen Vacations The Fountains, Ascend Resort Collection 8.7 Excellent 12400 South International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Bluegreen Vacations The Fountains Ascend Resort Collection provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Home2 Suites by Hilton Orlando International Drive South 8.3 Excellent 12107 Regency Village Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Orlando, Home2 Suites by Hilton Orlando International Drive South provides 3-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. It also features a concierge, a tour desk and a 24-hour reception. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vacations Club Tuscany Village Orlando 8.9 Excellent 8122 Arrezzo Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, Hilton Grand Vacations at Tuscany Village is within a 25-minute drive of Orlando International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Lake Buena Vista - Orlando 8.6 Excellent 11428 Marbella Palm Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Homewood Suites by Hilton Lake Buena Vista is located in International Drive and provides a range of premium amenities including a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. It also features an outdoor pool and free wired internet. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Floridays Resort Orlando 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 8,275 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.0Families 8.5Solo 8.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Floridays Resort Orlando All photos (60) Pool (16) Bedroom (5) Banquet hall (5) Balcony (4) Where is Floridays Resort Orlando Most Popular Landmarks Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets1.1 km Magic Kingdom Park10.3 km The Florida Mall10.6 km Disney's Animal Kingdom11.2 km Mall at Millenia11.8 km Tinker Field18.2 km Getting Around Orlando Holiday Inn10.0 km Orlando Magic Kingdom10.2 km Orlando Double Tree Hilton10.2 km Orlando Disney's All-Star Sports Resort10.5 km Orlando 2417 W Oakridge Rd11.6 km Orlando Sand Lake Road13.4 km FAQs when booking at Floridays Resort Orlando Is pricing at Floridays Resort Orlando comparable to 4 star hotels in Orlando? Floridays Resort Orlando is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Orlando. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 266 per night in Orlando. Floridays Resort Orlando will run you C$ 260 per night, which is 27% cheaper than the Orlando average. How close is Floridays Resort Orlando to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Orlando Airport, and Floridays Resort Orlando is 17.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Floridays Resort Orlando? For the most freedom while visiting Orlando, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Floridays Resort Orlando where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Floridays Resort Orlando guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Orlando. Is Floridays Resort Orlando considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Floridays Resort Orlando are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Floridays Resort Orlando? Yes. Many people visiting Orlando look for a hotel with a pool. Floridays Resort Orlando has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Floridays Resort Orlando from the Orlando city center? Floridays Resort Orlando is 8.8 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Universal Orlando Resort, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Floridays Resort Orlando by various forms of transportation. What is the Floridays Resort Orlando phone number? For questions about Floridays Resort Orlando and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 407 238 7700. Does Floridays Resort Orlando have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Floridays Resort Orlando has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Floridays Resort Orlando? Yes, there is a gym available to Floridays Resort Orlando guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Floridays Resort Orlando? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Floridays Resort Orlando, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Floridays Resort Orlando, Orlando? Floridays Resort Orlando room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 260/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 128/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Floridays Resort Orlando? Yes - Floridays Resort Orlando does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Floridays Resort Orlando have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Floridays Resort Orlando that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Floridays Resort Orlando from Discovery Cove? Discovery Cove in Orlando is 2.8 km away from Floridays Resort Orlando. Is Floridays Resort Orlando close to SeaWorld Orlando? Walking distance - there’s 2.8 km between SeaWorld Orlando and Floridays Resort Orlando. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Floridays Resort Orlando Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
