https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Fort_Lauderdale-vacation-rentals.htm
Fort Lauderdale, Florida Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Fort Lauderdale, FL Search and compare Fort Lauderdale, FL vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Fort Lauderdale, FL, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Fort Lauderdale, FL, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Fort Lauderdale Hotels 3,163 Fort Lauderdale Vacation Rentals 2,763 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Fort Lauderdale Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Artrageous on the River Fort Lauderdale, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Fort Lauderdale, FL, United States Artrageous On The River is located in Fort Lauderdale and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a terrace, an outdoor pool and a BBQ/picnic area. View Deals Riverside Apartments By The Beach 7.0 Good Pompano Beach, FL, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Pompano Beach, FL, United States GoodBased on 520 reviews 7.0 Boasting an outdoor pool, Riverside Apartments By The Beach is located in Pompano Beach and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a playground. View Deals All 3,163 vacation rentals in Fort Lauderdale Tips for booking vacation rentals in Fort Lauderdale Cheapest month: May Most expensive month: April Average price in Fort Lauderdale: C$ 218/night Cheapest price found: C$ 98/night Cheapest day: Friday Most expensive day: Monday C$ 120 - C$ 454 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 124 - C$ 1,007 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Where to stay in Fort Lauderdale Hotels in popular Fort Lauderdale neighbourhoods Central Beach, Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals Galt Mile, Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals Lauderdale Beach, Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals Vacation rentals in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Show more Hotels in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Sunny Isles Beach Show more Facts about staying in Fort Lauderdale How much does a vacation rental in Fort Lauderdale cost? Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals are C$ 219/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Fort Lauderdale, and January is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 99/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 180/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Fort Lauderdale vacation rental? Hollywood Beach Tower has a 8.7 rating from 6 users, making it the best Fort Lauderdale vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Fort Lauderdale Airport? It’s only 5.1 km from Fort Lauderdale Airport to Artrageous on the River (the nearest Fort Lauderdale vacation rental to the airport). What part of Fort Lauderdale is best to stay in? Central Beach is the best part of Fort Lauderdale to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals, 92% of them looked for stays in the Central Beach neighbourhood in the last year. The Marriott's BeachPlace Towers happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Central Beach neighbourhood of Fort Lauderdale. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Fort Lauderdale near Broward County Convention Center? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Broward County Convention Center while in Fort Lauderdale, then the most popular is Hollywood Beach Tower with a 8.7/10 review score from 6 users. The distance from Broward County Convention Center to Hollywood Beach Tower is 9.8 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Fort Lauderdale? Yes, there are 83 Resort vacation rentals in Fort Lauderdale. According to our data, Atlantic Luxury Boutique Hotel & Spa is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Fort Lauderdale Hotels 3,163 Fort Lauderdale Vacation Rentals 2,763 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
