https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Points_by_Sheraton_Cancun_Centro.htm
Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Hotel Avenida Tulum, MZ 1, Lote 2, SM 12, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 523 reviews 8.2 C$ 111 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. Guests can make the most of ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 12.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 283 0101 All policies Amenities at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Children's high chair City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Dining area Walk-in shower Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Eco tourism Fitness centre Public bath Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 773 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 15-minute walk of Maya Cancun Museum and Aquaworld. Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins are also within 2 mi (3 km). C$ 283 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Ibis Cancun Centro 7.7 Good Av Tulum y Nichupte Supermanzana 11 M2 L3, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Krystal Urban Cancun Centro 7.5 Good Av. Sayil Mz. 1, Lote 4-07, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and meeting rooms. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Venado Hostel 20 Venado 8 #67 SM 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Centrally located, Venado Hostel allows for easy access to Cancun's popular sightseeing areas. It offers free Wi-Fi, a laundry service and a 24-hour reception. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Oh! Cancun - The Urban Oasis 7.9 Good Av Tulum Esquina Brisa SM 4 Colonia Centro, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 710 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.6 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 522 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.2Couples 8.1Solo 8.1Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro All photos (45) Conference room (8) Bathroom (6) Bedroom (6) Bar (5) Where is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun3.3 km Playa Tortugas6.0 km Playa Gaviota Azul8.5 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun9.2 km Playa Delfines9.8 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Terra Viva0.8 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.6 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.8 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort12.2 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach12.4 km Cancún Grand Palladium Costa Mujeres Resort & Spa14.7 km FAQs when booking at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Is pricing at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro comparable to 4 star hotels in Cancún? Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Cancún. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 271 per night in Cancún. Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro will run you C$ 149 per night, which is 59% cheaper than the Cancún average. How close is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 12.3 km drive between Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro? Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 18/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro considered pet-friendly? Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro. Is there a pool at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro? Yes, Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro from the Cancún city center? The center of Downtown, Cancún, is just 3.8 km away from the front doors of Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro using any means of transportation. What is the Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro phone number? You can reach the front desk of Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro at +52 998 283 0101. Does Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro? Yes. You should consider staying at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro, Cancún? A good deal at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro right now is between C$ 90 and C$ 149 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro? Yes, food can be ordered from the Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro from Plaza de Toros? Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro is a good place to stay to see Plaza de Toros. It’s 1.6 km away. Is Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book is also a popular place to see in Cancún. It is 1 km from Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
