https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Seasons_Hotel_Los_Angeles_at_Beverly_Hills.htm
Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Hotel 300 South Doheny Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 210 reviews 8.9 C$ 945 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers 5-star accommodation and v... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.2 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 14.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 273 2222 All policies Amenities at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Balcony Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor CD player Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Tablet Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,556 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 435 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 369 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills The Orlando Hotel 8384 West 3Rd Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within easy reach of the Los Angeles County Museum Of Art / LACMA and Universal Studios Hollywood. There is also a gym with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 346 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills 2151 Avenue Of The Stars, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an infinity pool, InterContinental Los Angeles Century City at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides elegant accommodation. It features rooms that open onto a private terrace with views of the city. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Bevonshire Lodge Motel 7.0 Good 7575 Beverly Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel Ideally situated for sightseeing, Bevonshire Lodge Motel is within walking distance of several of the city's tourist attractions, including Park La Brea. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills 7.5 Good 930 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 4.9 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is ideal for guests wishing to discover Los Angeles and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 208 verified guest reviews 8.6Families 8.4Friends 9.3Solo 9.1Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills All photos (50) Other (9) Bedroom (7) Living room (6) Restaurant (6) Where is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center11.5 km STAPLES Center11.8 km Echo Park11.9 km L.A. Live11.9 km Santa Monica State Beach12.3 km Venice Beach12.4 km Getting Around Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station10.3 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd11.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)11.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.6 km Los Angeles Westin Bonaventure Hotel12.5 km FAQs when booking at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills How close is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At 14.7 km away, Los Angeles Airport is the closest airport to Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills. The average expected drive time from Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills to Los Angeles Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 28/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills considered pet-friendly? Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills. Is there a pool at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills? Yes, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills from the Los Angeles city center? Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is just 1.9 km away from the center of Beverly Grove, Los Angeles. From Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills phone number? The best way to contact Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is by calling +1 310 273 2222. Does Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills. What is the check-out time at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, Los Angeles? Prices at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 1,154, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 588. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, Los Angeles. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills from Los Angeles County Museum of Art? Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is a good place to stay to see Los Angeles County Museum of Art. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills close to Petersen Automotive Museum? Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Petersen Automotive Museum, which is 2.9 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
