https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Queens_Hotel_and_Casino.htm
Four Queens Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Four Queens Hotel and Casino Four Queens Hotel and Casino Hotel 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 5,132 reviews 7.4 C$ 56 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Queens Hotel and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Queens Hotel and Casino Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. This 3-star ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 9.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 385 4011 All policies Amenities at Four Queens Hotel and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned CD player Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Casino Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Queens Hotel and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Four Queens Hotel and Casino Golden Nugget Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.5 Good 129 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino Las Vegas offers modern accommodation in Las Vegas and is a few minutes on foot from Greyhound Bus Station. This elegant resort is set in the heart of the city. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Fremont Hotel & Casino 8.3 Excellent 200 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, just a 10-minute walk from Greyhound Bus Station, Fremont Hotel and Casino provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals the D Las Vegas 7.8 Good 301 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, just a short walk from Greyhound Bus Station, The D Las Vegas provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino 8.0 Excellent 206 North 3rd Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Greyhound Bus Station, Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino offers guests an ideal base when visiting Las Vegas. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Golden Nugget Las Vegas. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Queens Hotel and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 5,134 verified guest reviews 7.2Couples 7.4Friends 7.5Families 7.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date M 8.1 Great mark.powell, Apr. 2020 Good cheap room in great location, close to everything downtown. So glad we stayed here instead of the strip. No resort or parking fees. Not luxury but certainly comfortable enough. M 10.0 Excellent Marcia, Aug. 2018 i stay here everytime i go to Vegas A 8.5 Great Anonymous, May 2018 I like the hotel or the front desk clerk I like the Casino and the staff was great I didn't like a little dust behind the television I didn't like the bathroom counter sink everything else is good. F 7.9 Good Felix , Nov. 2017 room seemed like it was dirty and being covered up with scents . Photos of Four Queens Hotel and Casino All photos (26) Other (12) Bar (4) Bathroom (4) Bedroom (3) Where is Four Queens Hotel and Casino Most Popular Landmarks Fremont Street Experience0.0 km World Market Center1.1 km TPC Summerlin15.0 km Stratosphere Tower2.8 km High Roller6.3 km Fountains of Bellagio6.9 km Getting Around Las Vegas Downtown0.3 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.4 km Las Vegas Downtown Bus0.7 km Las Vegas Tufesa1.5 km Las Vegas Tufesa International1.5 km Las Vegas Lds Temple11.2 km FAQs when booking at Four Queens Hotel and Casino How close is Four Queens Hotel and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 9.5 km drive between Four Queens Hotel and Casino and Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 07m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Four Queens Hotel and Casino? Four Queens Hotel and Casino has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Four Queens Hotel and Casino guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at Four Queens Hotel and Casino? Yes, Four Queens Hotel and Casino has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Four Queens Hotel and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? Four Queens Hotel and Casino is just 0.5 km away from the center of Downtown, Las Vegas. From Four Queens Hotel and Casino you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Fountains of Bellagio. What is the Four Queens Hotel and Casino phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 385 4011 to talk to a Four Queens Hotel and Casino front desk representative. Does Four Queens Hotel and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Queens Hotel and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Queens Hotel and Casino? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Four Queens Hotel and Casino. What is the check-out time at Four Queens Hotel and Casino? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Four Queens Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas? Prices at Four Queens Hotel and Casino will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 125, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 9. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Four Queens Hotel and Casino? There is a restaurant located in Four Queens Hotel and Casino. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Four Queens Hotel and Casino have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Four Queens Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Four Queens Hotel and Casino from Discovery Children's Museum? Discovery Children's Museum in Las Vegas is 1.3 km away from Four Queens Hotel and Casino. Is Four Queens Hotel and Casino close to Stratosphere Tower? 2.8 km - making Stratosphere Tower a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Four Queens Hotel and Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Four Queens Hotel and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
