https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Points_by_Sheraton_Los_Angeles_International_Airport.htm
Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Hotel 9750 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States OkayBased on 2,422 reviews 5.9 C$ 150 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Los Angeles International Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out featur... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.4 km Rating 5.9 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 2.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 645 4600 All policies Amenities at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Snack bar Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Embassy Suites by Hilton Los Angeles Int'l Airport North 7.6 Good 9801 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport/North offers convenient and comfortable accommodation. Popular facilities, such as an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Los Angeles. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel 7.9 Good 9620 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel provides convenient accommodation and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It also features a bowling alley, an express check-in and check-out feature and a free shuttle service. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Los Angeles Lax/Century Boulevard 8.2 Excellent 5933 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Residence Inn by Marriott Los Angeles LAX/Century Boulevard provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Los Angeles Airport Marriott 7.8 Good 5855 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Los Angeles Airport Marriott is located in Los Angeles and offers modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.9 PassableBased on 2,420 verified guest reviews 5.9Friends 5.9Couples 6.2Solo 5.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date A 8.0 Great Anonymous, Feb. 2019 room was clean and tidy but seems like it is old. free shuttle between LAX and hotel was very useful. A 8.9 Great aussiewood64, Nov. 2018 overnight stay for early morning flight. close to everything we needed to set up our trip. will stay again. shuttle service didn't meet demand. should consider a booking system as people missed shuttle due to people arriving aftet them jumping in front and filling the shuttle bus. A 8.7 Great Anonymous, Oct. 2018 Staffs very accommodating, very clean Rooms&close to the airport. A 7.7 Good Anonymous, May 2018 great location. we requested a 3am wake up call but never got it, lucky we woke up otherwise we could have missed our flight. A 6.2 Okay Anonymous, Oct. 2017 Lobby and exterior looked great then went up the elevator to find a dingy hallway and an old room. The room was small with a tiny bathroom and had no fridge. The room window looked out into the dingy corridor. R 9.3 Excellent Roland, Apr. 2017 Our stay was so convenient and so happy we decided to drive in from Palm Desert. Everything went well.....enough time and did not feel rushed for an early morning flight. I would definitely recommend the Sheraton at the airport to friends and family and hope to use it again! Photos of Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport All photos (43) Bedroom (7) Bar (5) Bathroom (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center11.9 km Westfield Century City12.9 km Santa Monica State Beach13.3 km STAPLES Center15.2 km L.A. Live15.5 km Little Tokyo17.5 km Getting Around Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel0.5 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn1.4 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd12.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)12.8 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.8 km FAQs when booking at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Is pricing at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? Hotels in Los Angeles that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 299/night, but on average, Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport is available for 57% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport for C$ 173/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Los Angeles. How close is Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 2.2 km between Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Many Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport guests take the airport shuttle from Los Angeles Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Los Angeles. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport considered pet-friendly? Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport. Is there a pool at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport? Yes, Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Westchester, Los Angeles, is just 2 km away from the front doors of Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport using any means of transportation. What is the Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 310 645 4600 to talk to a Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport front desk representative. Does Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport? Yes, there is a gym available to Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport, Los Angeles? A good deal at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport right now is between C$ 112 and C$ 173 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport? Yes - Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport, Los Angeles. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
