https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Seasons_Resort_Whistler.htm
Four Seasons Resort Whistler, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Four Seasons Resort Whistler Four Seasons Resort Whistler Resort 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 421 reviews 9.1 C$ 444 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Seasons Resort Whistler Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Seasons Resort Whistler Established in 2004, Four Seasons Resort Whistler features views of Whistler, plus a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. It is steps from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, restaurants and nightlif... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 104.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 935 3400 All policies Amenities at Four Seasons Resort Whistler Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Golf Cycling Aerobics Skiing Fitness centre Tennis Indoor play area Pay-per-view channels Table tennis Hiking Massage Library Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski equipment rental (on site) Contactless check-in/check-out Spa Ski shuttle Ski storage Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Seasons Resort Whistler Top Whistler hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel 8.9 Excellent 4359 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel is a playful escape that redefines the norms of hospitality. While Whistler is often known as the biggest and the best, the little things mean the most at Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel. Award winning, quaint and quirky we offer something that you'll be hard-pressed to find elsewhere in the resort. Thoughtful interiors and soft finishes are designed to delight the creative explorers and curious adventurers who find joy in life's simple moments.Summits 81 rooms are perfectly designed, combining aesthetic with a colourful twist on Pacific Northwest design and utility with fully stocked kitchenettes perfect for whipping up a healthy breakfast before hitting the slopes. Summit's complimentary perks like wi-fi, shuttle service to and from the mountain, pet stays, equipment storage, bike and snowshoe rentals give the comfort and convenience of home while the boutique hotel's location at the heart of Whistler offers easy access to the village's best independent retailers and celebrated eateries.EightyOne Cafe is Summits latest addition; a casual co-work friendly cafe with simple and nutritious food offerings. Find fresh smoothies, breakfast options, espresso beverages, vegan-friendly treats and more.What makes our guests keep coming back is that we are distinct, memorable and different, from our unconventional wallpapers to cuddly sock monsters there's a little something for everyone!The Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler is ranked 1st out of 49 hotels on TripAdvisor (2018) C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Four Seasons Resort Whistler Wildwood Lodge by Outpost Whistler 8.6 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This comfortable vacation rental in Whistler offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as ski in/out facilities and an outdoor heated pool. It also features a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and ski passes. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals The Marquise 6.8 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor heated pool, a Jacuzzi and ski in/out facilities, The Marquise by ResortQuest Whistler is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features ski lockers, a concierge and a sauna. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Glacier Lodge 6.6 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, Glacier Lodge by ResortQuest provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, ski in/out facilities and an outdoor heated pool. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Whistler 8.6 Excellent 4599 Chateau Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Nestled at the base of a mountain, this iconic resort features a ski valet and a heated lap pool with underwater music. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna, ensure an enjoyable stay in Whistler. C$ 389 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Seasons Resort Whistler 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 421 verified guest reviews 9.2Families 9.5Solo 9.0Couples 8.9Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Four Seasons Resort Whistler All photos (24) Living room (5) Outdoors view (3) Pool (3) Balcony (2) Where is Four Seasons Resort Whistler Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Blackcomb0.9 km Whistler Marketplace0.9 km Whistler Golf Club1.3 km Callaghan Valley14.8 km Garibaldi Provincial Park20.8 km Nita Lake4.3 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.9 km Whistler Village4.2 km FAQs when booking at Four Seasons Resort Whistler Is pricing at Four Seasons Resort Whistler comparable to 5 star hotels in Whistler? Hotels in Whistler that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 851/night, but on average, Four Seasons Resort Whistler is available for 6% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Four Seasons Resort Whistler for C$ 1,080/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Whistler. Is Four Seasons Resort Whistler considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Four Seasons Resort Whistler during their stay. Is there a pool at Four Seasons Resort Whistler? Yes, Four Seasons Resort Whistler has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Four Seasons Resort Whistler phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Four Seasons Resort Whistler please call +1 604 935 3400. Does Four Seasons Resort Whistler have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Seasons Resort Whistler has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Seasons Resort Whistler? Yes. You should consider staying at Four Seasons Resort Whistler if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Four Seasons Resort Whistler? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Four Seasons Resort Whistler. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Four Seasons Resort Whistler, Whistler? Usually Four Seasons Resort Whistler room prices are around C$ 1,080/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 267/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Four Seasons Resort Whistler? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Four Seasons Resort Whistler, Whistler. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Four Seasons Resort Whistler have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Four Seasons Resort Whistler. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Four Seasons Resort Whistler Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
