https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Seasons_Hotel_George_V_Paris.htm
Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Hotel 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 332 reviews 9.3 C$ 2,622 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Located in Paris City Centre, this hotel is just a short stroll from Seine and Champs-Elysees. It showcases views of Paris and provides an indoor pool. This 5-star hotel offers a sauna, a bea... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.5 km Rating 9.3 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 24.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Mobile hotspot device Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 49 52 70 00 All policies Amenities at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Fruits Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Laptop Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool cover Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Blu-ray player Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor CD player Refrigerator Toilet Child-safety socket covers Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Children's high chair Toothbrush Sauna City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Tablet Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Books, DVDs, music for children Aerobics Evening entertainment Gaming console Cooking classes Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Videogames Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Top Paris hotels Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel 8.0 Excellent 88, Bis Avenue Kleber, Paris, France Show on map The Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is nestled among the most beautiful districts of Paris, close to the Champs Elysees, the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. This beautiful building was transformed into a luxury hotel in the 1920s and then took the name of its first and famous guest, Lord Baltimore. With its elegant, refined décor and cozy atmosphere, the Sofitel Baltimore Paris Tour Eiffel invites you to experience the French way of life. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Hôtel Le Marianne 8.8 Excellent 11 Rue Paul Baudry, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Within a two minute walk of Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore, Le Marianne Hotel is located centrally in Paris. It has a gym, as well as a Turkish steam bath, free Wi-Fi and a library. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arc Elysees 7.7 Good 45 Rue Washington, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Hotel Arc Elysees offers easy access to Paris's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel 8.0 Excellent 88, Bis Avenue Kleber, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel offers easy access to Paris's popular tourist attractions. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.3 ExcellentBased on 332 verified guest reviews 9.3Families 9.0Solo 9.1Friends 9.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris All photos (45) Bedroom (12) Living room (7) Other (6) Pool (4) Where is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Most Popular Landmarks Le Bar du Plaza Athenee0.4 km Arc De Triomphe0.7 km Champs-Elysées0.9 km Eiffel Tower1.2 km Palais des Congres de Paris1.7 km Galeries Lafayette2.4 km Getting Around Paris Place Charles de Gaulle/Friedland0.6 km Paris Pont de l'Alma0.7 km Paris Étoile - Champs-Élysées0.8 km Paris Trocadéro1.2 km Paris Invalides1.3 km Paris Place de la Concorde1.5 km FAQs when booking at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris How close is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At just 24.2 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris is 0h 18m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris? Getting from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 42/day in Paris. Luckily, Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris? Yes, Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris from the Paris city center? The center of 8th arrondissement, Paris, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris using any means of transportation. What is the Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris phone number? For questions about Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 49 52 70 00. Does Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris? Yes. You should consider staying at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, Paris? C$ 2,065 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, with average deals around C$ 2,814 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, Paris. The hotel also has a bar. Does Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris, Paris. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris from Champs-Elysées? You can walk to Champs-Elysées while staying at Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris - you’ll be about 0.9 km away. Is Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris close to Louvre Museum? Walking distance - there’s 2.8 km between Louvre Museum and Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
