https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Four_Seasons_Hotel_Vancouver.htm
Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Hotel 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada C$ 66 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver is set in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in the ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 689 9333 All policies Amenities at Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Sauna Room service Hot tub 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Beauty salon Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Fairmont Pacific Rim is the height of luxury in Vancouver. This five-star hotel offers sweeping vistas of the North Shore Mountains, all from the vibrant downtown district of Coal Harbour near the famous Vancouver Lookout. Just a stone's throw from global C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver 8.6 Excellent 645 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a short stroll from Waterfront Station. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Canada Place, the Vancouver Public Library and Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Hotel Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 900 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Hotel Le Soleil 8.3 Excellent 567 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Le Soleil by Executive Hotels provides luxury accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals Granville Island Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1253 Johnston Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located a short walk from Yaletown Roundhouse Skytrain Station, Granville Island Hotel provides guests with an ideal base while in Vancouver. This sophisticated hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver All photos (30) Living room (6) Other (6) Bedroom (4) Conference room (2) Where is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.1 km Waterfront Centre0.6 km BC Place Stadium0.9 km Rogers Arena0.9 km TELUS World of Science1.5 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.6 km Getting Around Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.3 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.6 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.7 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.7 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.0 km FAQs when booking at Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver How close is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With a distance of 0.8 km between Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver and the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver welcomes most household pets. How close is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver is 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver by various forms of transportation. What is the Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver please call +1 604 689 9333. Does Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Is there a restaurant at Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver does have a restaurant. Does Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver have a laundry service? Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 1.5 km away from Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver. Is Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? 0.9 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
