https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fox_Hotel_and_Suites.htm
Fox Hotel And Suites, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Fox Hotel And Suites Fox Hotel And Suites Hotel 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,567 reviews 8.0 C$ 151 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fox Hotel And Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fox Hotel And Suites Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 760 8500 All policies Amenities at Fox Hotel And Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Kid-friendly Family rooms Fan Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Hot tub Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Continental breakfast Complimentary breakfast Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Ski pass vendor Tour desk Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Fox Hotel And Suites Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Fox Hotel And Suites Best Western Plus Siding 29 Lodge 8.2 Excellent 453 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Banff offers free wireless internet, as well as a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. It is ideal for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Hillside Bungalows 9.0 Excellent Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Hillside Bungalows is an easy drive from Canmore and provides free Wi-Fi, a BBQ/picnic area and a laundry service. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Inn 8.2 Excellent 501 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Irwin's Mountain Inn 7.8 Good 429 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Fox Hotel And Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,567 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 8.0Couples 8.0Solo 8.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Fox Hotel And Suites All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Living room (7) Building (6) Bathroom (4) Where is Fox Hotel And Suites Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.1 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.4 km Sunshine Village15.6 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.1 km Upper Hot Springs3.5 km Mount Norquay5.3 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.2 km Banff Banff Ave0.7 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.7 km Banff Banff, Ab0.8 km Banff Mount Royal0.8 km Banff Ywca1.3 km FAQs when booking at Fox Hotel And Suites Is pricing at Fox Hotel And Suites comparable to 4 star hotels in Banff? There is a 39% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Banff and the average nightly rate at Fox Hotel And Suites. The rate at Fox Hotel And Suites is just C$ 236/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Banff. Is Fox Hotel And Suites considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Fox Hotel And Suites are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Fox Hotel And Suites? Yes. Many people visiting Banff look for a hotel with a pool. Fox Hotel And Suites has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. What is the Fox Hotel And Suites phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Fox Hotel And Suites please call +1 403 760 8500. Does Fox Hotel And Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fox Hotel And Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fox Hotel And Suites? Yes, Fox Hotel And Suites has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Fox Hotel And Suites? Fox Hotel And Suites has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Fox Hotel And Suites, Banff? Prices at Fox Hotel And Suites will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 236, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 115. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Fox Hotel And Suites? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Fox Hotel And Suites, Banff. The hotel also has a bar. Does Fox Hotel And Suites have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Fox Hotel And Suites. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Fox Hotel And Suites from Banff Park Museum? The popular Banff Park Museum is just over 1.1 km from Fox Hotel And Suites. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Fox Hotel And Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
