https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/France.htm
France Hotels - Amazing Deals on 412,647 Hotels in France Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels in France Search and compare France hotels from hundreds of travel sites and save France 20 Nov — 21 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests France Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Search ...and more Home France Hotels 412,647 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels in France Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Radisson Blu 1835 Hotel, Cannes 8.8 Excellent 2, Boulevard Jean Hibert, Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes, France Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes, France ExcellentBased on 3 reviews 8.8 Radisson Blu 1835 Hotel & Thalasso Cannes is situated in the heart of Cannes and has a private beach. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais des Festivals et des Congres. View Deals Regent Contades, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 8 Avenue de la Liberte, Strasbourg, Bas-Rhin, France Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Strasbourg, Bas-Rhin, France ExcellentBased on 1,949 reviews 8.7 Regent Contades BW Premier Collection provides a comfortable setting when in Strasbourg. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Turkish steam bath, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. View Deals Le Cinq Codet 8.9 Excellent 5 Rue Louis Codet, Paris, France Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 301 reviews 8.9 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It provides a fitness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, valet parking and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Generator Paris 7.5 Good 9-11 Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 6,223 reviews 7.5 Generator Paris provides a modern setting when in Paris. It also offers a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. View Deals Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.5 Good 20 rue Jean Rey, Paris, France Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 2,955 reviews 7.5 This modern hotel is situated in Paris and is moments on foot from Champs-de-Mars-Tour-Eiffel Train Station. It is a short walk from Champ de Mars, Ile des Cygnes and Seine, plus provides views of Eiffel Tower. View Deals Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.5 Good 37, Bd Rochechouart, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 3,249 reviews 7.5 Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels is set in Paris and is a short walk from Paris North Railway Station. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. View Deals Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.9 Good 20 Rue d'Orsel, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 1,782 reviews 7.9 This Paris hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15Ème 7.4 Good 2 Rue Cambronne, Paris, France Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 7,034 reviews 7.4 Ibis Paris Eiffel Tower Cambronne 15th Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, massage services and meeting rooms. View Deals All 412,647 hotels in France Tips for booking hotels in France Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: July Average price in France: C$ 182/night Cheapest price found: C$ 24/night Cheapest day: Friday Most expensive day: Thursday C$ 144 - C$ 244 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 169 - C$ 218 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated France hotels Show all 412,647 hotels 1 Citadines Prado Chanot Marseille 8.0 Excellent 9-11 Boulevard De Louvain, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France This Marseille property is located within a 10-minute stroll of Rond-Point du Prado Metro Station. It also offers a terrace, a safe and luggage storage. View Deals 2 Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. View Deals 3 Best Western Hotel & SPA Le Schoenenbourg 8.6 Excellent 2A Rue de La Piscine, Riquewihr, Haut-Rhin, France Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Riquewihr, Haut-Rhin, France Located in the Alsace Wine Region, Best Western Hotel & SPA Le Schoenenbourg is an excellent base for those wishing to tour the area's well-known wineries. Popular amenities, such as an outdoor pool and a sauna, ensure a satisfying stay in Riquewihr. View Deals 4 Little Palace Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4 Rue Salomon De Caus, Paris, France Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in the heart of Paris, Little Palace Hotel is a short walk from Reaumur Sebastopol Metro Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. View Deals 5 Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. View Deals 6 Hotel France Albion 8.6 Excellent 11 Rue Notre Dame De Lorette, Paris, France Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated a short walk from Opera Metro Station, Hotel France Albion provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. View Deals 7 L'Hôtel 8.6 Excellent 13 Rue Des Beaux Arts, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It provides an indoor pool, a sauna and free wireless internet. View Deals 8 Mandarin Oriental, Paris 8.6 Excellent 251 Rue Saint-Honore, Paris, France Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It also features a sauna, an indoor pool and a fitness centre. View Deals Cheapest hotels in France, Europe Show all 412,647 hotels Hôtel Ozz By Happyculture 8.1 Excellent 18 Rue Paganini, Nice, France Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Nice, France Situated in the city centre, Hotel Ozz by HappyCulture provides easy access to Nice's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord 7.4 Good 5 rue de Dunkerque, Paris, France Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Paris, France Located just a five-minute walk from Paris North Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces 6.1 Good 29 Rue Du Docteur Babinski, Paris, France Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Paris, France HotelF1 Paris Porte de Montmartre Hotel provides a cosy setting while in Paris. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a lift. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Le Montclair Montmartre by Hiphophostels 6.7 Good 62 Rue Ramey, Paris, France Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated under a 20-minute walk from Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station, Le Montclair Montmartre by River Hotels provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Bristol Nice 7.4 Good 22 Rue Paganini, Nice, France Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Nice, France Conveniently positioned, Bristol Nice offers easy access to Nice's main hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in France 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Auberge Internationale Des Jeunes 10 Rue Trousseau, Paris, France 6.2 C$ 59 View Deal #2 Most popular Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels 37, Bd Rochechouart, Paris, France 7.5 C$ 51 View Deal Best value St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France 7.3 C$ 35 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15Ème 2 Rue Cambronne, Paris, France 7.4 C$ 134 View Deal #2 Most popular Citadines Prado Chanot Marseille 9-11 Boulevard De Louvain, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France 8.0 C$ 89 View Deal Best value Aparthotel Adagio Serris - Val d'Europe 18 Cours de l'Elbe, Serris, Seine-et-Marne, France 7.6 C$ 81 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Le Cinq Codet 5 Rue Louis Codet, Paris, France 8.9 C$ 439 View Deal #2 Most popular Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France 9.3 C$ 2,615 View Deal Best value Le Grand Hotel Cannes 45 Boulevard De La Croisette, Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes, France 7.5 C$ 158 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in France Hotels in popular France cities Paris hotels Lourdes hotels Nice hotels Roissy-en-France hotels Marseille hotels Avignon hotels Strasbourg hotels Troyes hotels Bordeaux hotels Reims hotels Show more Hotels in popular France regions Ile-de-France Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Normandy Centre-Val de Loire Corsica Brittany Hotels near popular France landmarks Jardins des Tuileries Paris City Centre Eiffel Tower Reims City Centre Disneyland Paris Paris Lyon Railway Station Champs-Elysées Montmartre Place de la Concorde Marseille City Centre Show more Hotels near popular France airports Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Paris Orly Airport Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport Marseille Airport Nice Côte d'Azur Airport Nantes Atlantique Airport Toulouse Blagnac Airport Bordeaux Airport Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport Montpellier Méditerranée Airport Show more Hotels in popular France neighbourhoods 6th arrondissement, Paris hotels 11th arrondissement, Paris hotels 17th arrondissement, Paris hotels Roseraie, Toulouse hotels 10th arrondissement, Paris hotels 3rd arrondissement, Paris hotels Quartier Latin, Paris hotels 4th arrondissement, Paris hotels 14th arrondissement, Paris hotels 12th arrondissement, Paris hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular France cities Paris vacation rentals Lourdes vacation rentals Nice vacation rentals Marseille vacation rentals Avignon vacation rentals Strasbourg vacation rentals Troyes vacation rentals Bordeaux vacation rentals Reims vacation rentals Rouen vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About France Centred around one of the world’s most romantic capital cities, France encompasses atmospheric medieval towns, idyllic Mediterranean beaches and charming rural landscapes. It’s one of the most visited tourist destinations on the planet, with countless travellers coming to experience its quintessential “joie de vivre” and world-renowned gastronomy. Things to do in France Whether you want to get cultured in the streets of Paris, soak up the sun-drenched lifestyle of the French Riviera or discover the wartime history of Normandy, France offers it all and more. Discover the icons of Paris. Sprawling along the River Seine, Paris is an enchanting city filled with outstanding art galleries, bohemian neighbourhoods and luxury fashion houses. Soak up the views from the Eiffel Tower and go shopping on the Champs Élysées before discovering the opulence of the Château de Versailles. Explore picture-perfect Provence. Stretching from the French Alps to the Mediterranean Sea, Provence is home to vineyard-blanketed landscapes, medieval towns and glamorous beach resorts. Mingle with the rich and famous in Cannes and Saint Tropez or escape to the majestic Verdon Gorge before discovering Provence’s rich gourmet heritage at farm-to-table restaurants. Tour historic Normandy. Hugging the English Channel in France’s north, Normandy is synonymous with the historic D-Day landings of 1944. After paying your respects at its cemeteries and memorials, you can discover picture-perfect Mont Saint-Michel and the historic port of Honfleur or drive through apple orchards along the Route du Cider. Wine taste in Bordeaux. Home to grand castles, historic villages and rolling hills, Bordeaux is a spectacular region that’s famed for its wine. Stroll through the UNESCO-listed streets of Bordeaux and admire the Romanesque churches of Saint-Emilion, then cycle to popular cellar doors along the tree-lined Canal de Deux Mers. Getting around France Charles de Gaulle Airport is the main gateway to France, with several regional airports offering flights to destinations across Europe. An efficient network of trains connects towns and cities throughout the region. The Paris Metro will whisk you beneath the city while buses are the main means of getting around urban centres. Facts about staying in France What is the best place in France for bars and restaurants? Hotels in France are a great way to experience the best bars and restaurants. There is something for everyone from the buzzing capital city to coastal beach bars. Unsurprisingly Paris is one of the most popular places for nightlife, with the Montmarte district being very lively. Chez Michou is a favourite amongst locals and tourists alike. You can stay at Secret de Paris – Hotel and Spa, which is close by in a car. Another popular city for bars is Nantes, which has thriving bars like KITKAT Bar. You can stay at a hotel such as Ibis Nantes Centre Tour Bretagne near this bar. For great food, head to a Mediterranean city like Marseille. Le Roy Rene is a seafood restaurant where you can enjoy a range of fresh fish. What is the best place for a family vacation in France? There are loads of things to do in France for families. Take your children to Disneyland Paris, where they have rides suitable for all ages. If you want to be a stone’s throw from the theme park, go to Disney’s Hotel Santa Fe. Another great area for families is La Rochelle, where you can hire bikes and cycle on greenways across the bridge to Ile de Re. You can stay at Novotel La Rochelle Centre, which will put you close to the cycle route. Another great family activity in France, especially in the summer, is visiting a water park such as Aqualand Cap D’Agde. Here your kids can get out of the heat and enjoy a variety of slides. What are the best things to do and see in France? There is a range of things to see in France. One of the most popular festivals in France is that of Bastille Day. Taking place on 14th July, the whole country celebrates this day. Bordeaux is one of the best places to join in on the action, with a range of events throughout the city. You can stay at Mama Shelter Bordeaux, which will put you right in the heart of the fun. Another must-see is the Musee de Louvre, one of the most visited museums in the world. There’s something for everyone with a range of art, artefacts, and exhibition. Mont Saint-Michelle on the border of Brittany and Normandy is also a great place to visit. A fortified island with an abbey on top, it’s one of the true marvels of France. You can stay on the island in Les Terrasses Poulard, which gives you easy access to the island’s cobbled streets. Where are the best places to stay for beaches? There is some excellent accommodation in France which gives you instant access to lovely beaches. Nice is one example of a beach which is great for swimming and sunbathing. Offering a range of restaurants and shops, it’s an iconic beach that you won’t want to leave. France accommodation like Mercure Nice Marche Aux Fleurs is a hotel on the seafront providing easy access to the water. For surfing, look no further than Biarritz, where surf competitions are regularly held. You can stay at France hotels like Grand Tonic Hotel Biarritz, right on the beachfront. In the north of France, check out Plage du Sillon in Saint-Malo. A beach that is next to the historic city, you can spend the afternoon dining on the beachfront whilst you watch the world go by. Where is the best place to stay in France? Paris, Nice, and Lyon are the most popular places on HotelsCombined for stays in France. What are the best hotels in France? Hotel Le Saint Paul is a very popular hotel in France with a score of 8.5 from 172 reviews. Victoria Palace Hotel (8.9 from 1,184 reviews) and L'Hôtel (8.6 from 340 reviews) are also highly rated France hotels based on recent feedback from HotelsCombined users. Home France Hotels 412,647 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
