https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Fraser_Place_Namdaemun_Seoul.htm
Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Hotel 58, Sejong-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 135 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Situated in Central Seoul, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Deoksugung Palace and the Seoul Museum of Art. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi and sweeping city views. This trendy hotel of... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 47.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 098 0888 All policies Amenities at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Sauna Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Free parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Desk Cable or satellite TV Kettle Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Free toiletries Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Airport shuttle (surcharge) Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Health club Spa Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Star Guest House 8.5 Excellent 26-10, Namdaemun-ro 1-Gil (5th Floor), Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Central Seoul guest house is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Namdaemun Gate and Deoksugung Palace. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet access. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Myeongdong City Hall 8.5 Excellent 22, Sejong-Daero 16-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Travelodge Myeongdong City Hall is set in Central Seoul and is a short stroll from the Namdaemun Gate, Deoksugung Palace and Namdaemun Market. Guests can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Lumia Hotel 10.0 Excellent 31-9, Toegye-ro 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), Hotel Lumia Myeongdong provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manu Seoul 8.4 Excellent 19, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is a five-minute walk from the Namdaemun Gate. It also offers body treatments, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul All photos (27) Living room (6) Restaurant (5) Front desk (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.8 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool14.0 km Dongdaemun Market3.0 km Dongdaemun Gate3.1 km Yeouido Park6.1 km COEX Mall9.0 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.0 km Seoul Sangbong10.4 km Seoul Yongsan3.7 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.8 km FAQs when booking at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul How close is Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 15.4 km drive between Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 11m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul? Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul from the Seoul city center? Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul is just 0.2 km away from the center of Bukchang-dong, Seoul. From Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul please call +82 (0) 22 098 0888. Does Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul? Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul, Seoul. How far is Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul from Dongdaemun Gate? You can walk to Dongdaemun Gate while staying at Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul - you’ll be about 3.1 km away. Is Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul is just 1.6 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
