https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Fukuoka-vacation-rentals.htm
Fukuoka, Japan Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Fukuoka, Japan Search and compare Fukuoka, Japan vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Fukuoka, Japan 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Fukuoka, Japan Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Fukuoka Prefecture Hotels 2,232 Fukuoka Hotels 1,725 Fukuoka Vacation Rentals 695 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Fukuoka Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Trip Pod Sumiyoshi B 7.8 Good Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan GoodBased on 34 reviews 7.8 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Fukuoka. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. View Deals Obri VII Hakata Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Fukuoka. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Forest inn Tenjinminami 8.8 Excellent Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan ExcellentBased on 321 reviews 8.8 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Fukuoka. It also offers laundry facilities, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Sharely Style Hakata 1-32-5 Ijiri, Minami-ku, Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan Located just a five-minute stroll from Ijiri Train Station, Sharely Style Hakata Hotel Fukuoka provides guests with a convenient base when in Fukuoka. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, bicycle rental and luggage storage. View Deals Pure Tenjin 7.7 Good Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan GoodBased on 273 reviews 7.7 Situated in the heart of the city, Pure Tenjin offers easy access to Fukuoka's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. View Deals Stay Hakata 8.3 Excellent Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan ExcellentBased on 382 reviews 8.3 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Fukuoka. Guests can also make use of free wireless internet. View Deals The Metropolitan 7.4 Good 2-9-4, Sumiyoshi, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan GoodBased on 103 reviews 7.4 Within a two minute walk of the Sumiyoshi-jinja, The Metropolitan Fukuoka is set in the heart of Fukuoka. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Grandouce Hakata Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan Centrally located in Fukuoka, Grandouce Hakata is within an easy drive of Fukuoka Castle. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Hakata Railway Station. View Deals Guest House Green Hakata Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan Situated within walking distance of Watanabe-dori Train Station, Guestroom Green Hakata offers guests an ideal base when visiting Fukuoka. This property is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Oh Inn -Fukuoka Stay- Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan The property is located in Fukuoka City Centre, just 10 minutes from Fukuoka Airport. It is ideally situated in the city centre. View Deals All 1,725 vacation rentals in Fukuoka Tips for booking vacation rentals in Fukuoka Cheapest month: June Most expensive month: May Average price in Fukuoka: C$ 68/night Cheapest price found: C$ 19/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 20 - C$ 216 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 53 - C$ 125 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Fukuoka vacation rentals Show all 1,725 hotels 1 Ohori House Fukuoka, Japan Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Fukuoka, Japan Less than a 20-minute walk from Tojinmachi Station, Ohori House offers guests an ideal base while in Fukuoka. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Vacation rental prices in Fukuoka 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Picolo Hakata 5-5-20, Katakasu, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka, Japan C$ 75 View Deal #2 Most popular Stay Ropponmatsu 6F Ropponmatsu, 4-3-11, Fukuoka, Japan C$ 84 View Deal Best value Sharely Style Hakata 1-32-5 Ijiri, Minami-ku, Fukuoka, Japan C$ 40 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular The Metropolitan 2-9-4, Sumiyoshi, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka, Japan 7.4 C$ 143 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Fukuoka Hotels in popular Fukuoka neighbourhoods Nishi-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Sawara-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Minami-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Jōnan-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Higashi-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Chūō-ku, Fukuoka vacation rentals Hotels in popular Japan cities Tokyo Kyoto Osaka Sapporo Nagoya Hakodate Hokuto Aomori Kobe Takamatsu Show more Vacation rentals in popular Japan cities Tokyo Kyoto Osaka Sapporo Nagoya Hakodate Fukuoka Kobe Takamatsu Kagoshima Show more Facts about staying in Fukuoka How much does a vacation rental in Fukuoka cost? Fukuoka vacation rentals are C$ 69/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Fukuoka, and June is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 20/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 65/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Fukuoka Airport? It’s only 2.3 km from Fukuoka Airport to Picolo Hakata (the nearest Fukuoka vacation rental to the airport). What part of Fukuoka is best to stay in? Hakata-ku is the best part of Fukuoka to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Fukuoka vacation rentals, 83% of them looked for stays in the Hakata-ku neighbourhood in the last year. The Stay Hakata happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Hakata-ku neighbourhood of Fukuoka. Are there Fukuoka vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 6 Fukuoka vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Forest inn Tenjinminami is the most popular vacation rental in Fukuoka that features this amenity. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Fukuoka? Yes, there are 70 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Fukuoka. According to our data, Grand Base Hakata City is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Fukuoka Prefecture Hotels 2,232 Fukuoka Hotels 1,725 Fukuoka Vacation Rentals 695 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
