https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/FuramaXclusive_Sathorn_Bangkok.htm
Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Hotel 59 Silom Soi 3 (Piphat 2), Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand GoodBased on 1,622 reviews 7.9 C$ 43 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok FuramaXclusive Sathorn Bangkok provides a modern setting while in Bangkok. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Patpong and MahaNakho... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 266 8030 All policies Amenities at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible parking Slippers First-aid kit Additional toilet Sofa Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Urbana Sathorn, Bangkok 7.9 Good 55 South Sathorn Road Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring views of Bangkok, Urbana Sathorn Bangkok provides a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is located in Sathon and has easy access to public transport, with Sala Daeng BTS Skytrain Station within walking distance. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Sathorn Vista, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.8 Excellent Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Stylish and luxurious, Sathorn Vista Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments is located in Bangkok and provides a swimming pool, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Bangkok Hotel G 8.2 Excellent 188 Silom Road Bangrak, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Bangkok, Pullman Bangkok Hotel G offers stylish, 5-star accommodation close to MahaNakhon. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Furama Silom Hotel 7.5 Good 533 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated just a few steps from Si Lom, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. It is located in Bangkok, surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is minutes on foot from Chong Nonsi BTS Skytrain Station. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,624 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.8Couples 7.9Solo 7.7Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date M 5.7 Passable Min, Jan. 2018 I am very disappointed because i’ve been staying at this hotel for many years. I asked a Champagne glass to celebrate New Year Eve but the hotel reception siad they don’t have it I mean this is hotel surely they do have. Photos of Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok All photos (48) Bedroom (16) Building (5) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Where is Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Patpong Night Market0.5 km Silom Complex0.6 km Rajamangala Stadium10.4 km Central Plaza Ladprao10.8 km Central World Plaza2.1 km Siam Square2.3 km Getting Around Bangkok Chong Nonsi Bts0.2 km Bangkok Sala Daeng Bts0.6 km Bangkok Paramont0.7 km Bangkok Sala Daeng Intersection 10.7 km Bangkok Saovabha Memorial Institute 30.8 km Bangkok Silom Mrt Station / Lumphini Park0.9 km FAQs when booking at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Is pricing at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? Hotels in Bangkok that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 96/night, but on average, Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok is available for 57% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok for C$ 57/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Bangkok. How close is Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? There are 22.6 km between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok? Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok? Yes, Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok is 0.1 km away from the center of Silom, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok phone number? For questions about Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 266 8030. Does Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok? Yes, there is a gym available to Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok, Bangkok? Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 57/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 30/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok? There is a restaurant located in Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
