https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gateway_Hotel_Marco_Polo.htm
Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Hotel 13 Harbour City Canton Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong ExcellentBased on 710 reviews 8.3 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Situated in Tsim Sha Tsui, this hotel is within walking distance of Chungking Mansions, Clock Tower and Tsim Sha Tsui Ferry Pier. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot f... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 25.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2113 0888 All policies Amenities at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Executive lounge access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Beauty salon Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Top Hong Kong hotels Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Explore the contemporary Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East. The spectacular Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is an international hotel located atop Tseung Kwan O MTR Station and PopCorn Shopping Mall, providing an easy starting point to travel freely around the city. The hotel is located in Kowloon and just 20 minutes to Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). If in a leisurely mood, visit Sai Kung town for a fresh seafood lunch overlooking the beautiful South China Sea. All 359 guest rooms offers excellent city views, dining choices range from the all day dining buffet restaurant to Cantonese dining and a roof-top steakhouse and bar. Hi-tech connectivity makes it easy to stay in touch with business associates, friends and family. Fitness Center and a soothing spa featuring seven private treatment rooms will make you feel rejuvenated and restored. Enjoy a 25-meter outdoor swimming pool. Enjoy seamless service in one of Hong Kong’s largest, well equipped Grand Ballroom; it can accommodate 1000 guests with an energy that inspires success and is the ideal place for weddings. Be it for work, shopping or holiday, make Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East your first choice in Hong Kong. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo The Langham Hong Kong 8.6 Excellent 8 Peking Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Tsim Sha Tsui, and offers a rooftop pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. It is moments from 1881 Heritage and is close to the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Tsim Sha Tsui, Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel is a short walk from Clock Tower, Tsim Sha Tsui Ferry Pier and 1881 Heritage. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Tsim Sha Tsui Station. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals The Salisbury - Ymca Of Hong Kong 8.4 Excellent 41 Salisbury Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Set in Tsim Sha Tsui, The Salisbury Hotel YMCA of Hong Kong is a short stroll from Tsim Sha Tsui Ferry Pier and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Tsim Sha Tsui Station. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Apple Inn - Tsim Sha Tsui Unit 03, 11/F, Hai Phong Mansion 55 Hai Phong Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Apple Inn Tsim Sha Tsui is located only a 10-minute stroll from Tsim Sha Tsui Station and features air conditioned rooms with tea and coffee making facilities, a refrigerator and a telephone. This property is ideally situated in Tsim Sha Tsui. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 710 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.2Couples 8.0Friends 8.6Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo All photos (39) Bedroom (14) Bathroom (4) Restaurant (4) Conference room (3) Where is Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Most Popular Landmarks Harbour City0.1 km Kowloon Park0.3 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower0.5 km Hong Kong Disneyland13.2 km Lan Kwai Fong2.3 km Soho2.4 km Getting Around Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station0.5 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station1.2 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan10.4 km Hong Kong Cz2.1 km FAQs when booking at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Is there a pool at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo? Yes, Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo from the Hong Kong city center? The center of Kowloon, Hong Kong, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ocean Park, which you can get to from Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo using any means of transportation. What is the Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +852 2113 0888 to talk to a Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo front desk representative. Does Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo? Yes. You should consider staying at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo? Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo, Hong Kong? A good deal at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo right now is between C$ 70 and C$ 198 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo? Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo, Hong Kong. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo from Mid-levels Escalators? Mid-levels Escalators in Hong Kong is 2.1 km away from Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Gateway Hotel, Marco Polo Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
