https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Generator_London.htm
Generator London, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Generator London Generator London Hostel 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 5,173 reviews 7.0 C$ 40 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Generator London Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Generator London Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.0 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 388 7666 All policies Amenities at Generator London Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Reading light Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Karaoke Pool table Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Generator London Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Generator London George Hotel 6.9 Good 58-60 Cartwright Gardens, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel George Hotel London is situated in London and is within a 10-minute walk of Euston Bus Station. It is located a short stroll from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals St Athans Hotel 7.4 Good 20-24 Tavistock Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central London, St Athans Hotel is a short walk to several local attractions, including the British Library and Dolphin Swimming Club. Only a short walk from Russell Square, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a flat-screen TV and heating. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Studios2Let 7.7 Good London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in London, Studios 2 Let Apartments London offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the British Library. It is surrounded by a variety of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Euston Bus Station. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Royal National 7.0 Good 38-51 Bedford Way, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Royal National Hotel provides cosy accommodation in London and is a short stroll from Euston Bus Station. The various facilities this traditional hotel has to offer include a sauna, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Generator London 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 5,173 verified guest reviews 7.0Solo 6.7Families 7.1Friends 6.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 8.2 Great Anonymous, Mar. 2019 I didn't like being on the fifth floor. The toilet and shower room was a bit small. The last time I was on the basement floor. The toilet and shower rooms are of very good quality. Overall my stays at this hostel have been very good and I would recommend me to anybody. A 6.5 Okay Anonymous, Jul. 2018 It is freaking hot. Never ever air circulated and there is no fan or no air condition in any room in this hostel. Windows only opened about 2 inches and because of this, you will NEVER fall in a sleep in this hostel. There is only one area which is AC is working : BAR! Which means, when you pays more your momey in this hostel, then you can experience the AC! HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE! A 6.7 Okay Anonymous, Sep. 2017 good location but hostel too crowded during peak Photos of Generator London All photos (54) Bedroom (14) Other (13) Bar (8) Bathroom (5) Where is Generator London Most Popular Landmarks British Museum0.7 km Bloomsbury Square0.8 km Oxford Circus1.7 km Leicester Square1.8 km Piccadilly Circus1.9 km Trafalgar Square2.0 km Getting Around London Russel Square0.4 km London King's Cross0.6 km London St Pancras0.6 km London Euston0.6 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.1 km London Farringdon1.6 km FAQs when booking at Generator London Is pricing at Generator London comparable to 3 star hotels in London? Hotels in London that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 306/night, but on average, Generator London is available for 70% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Generator London for C$ 124/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit London. How close is Generator London to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 23.7 km between Generator London and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Generator London? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Generator London considered pet-friendly? Generator London welcomes most household pets. How close is Generator London from the London city center? Generator London is just 0.1 km away from the center of St. Pancras, London. From Generator London you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Generator London phone number? The best way to contact Generator London is by calling +44 207 388 7666. Does Generator London have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Generator London has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Generator London? Check-out should be before 10:00 AM. For checking in at Generator London, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Generator London, London? C$ 15 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Generator London, with average deals around C$ 124 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Generator London? Yes, food can be ordered from the Generator London restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Generator London have a laundry service? Generator London does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Generator London from London Bridge? The popular London Bridge is just over 3.3 km from Generator London. Is Generator London close to Nobu Portman Square? Nobu Portman Square is also a popular place to see in London. It is 2.5 km from Generator London. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Generator London Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
