https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Generator_Amsterdam.htm
Generator Amsterdam, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Generator Amsterdam Generator Amsterdam Hostel Mauritskade 57, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands GoodBased on 2,539 reviews 7.8 C$ 40 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Generator Amsterdam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Generator Amsterdam Less than 20 minutes' walk from Weesperplein Metro Station, Generator Amsterdam provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Amsterdam. It is also a five-minute stroll from the Tropenmuseum a... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 11.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 207 085 600 All policies Amenities at Generator Amsterdam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Packed lunches Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Night club Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Casino Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Karaoke Streaming service Table tennis Library Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Generator Amsterdam Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Generator Amsterdam Lancaster Hotel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Plantage Middenlaan 48, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Amsterdam. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Centraal Plantage Kerklaan 19, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Hostel Sleep Inn offers easy access to Amsterdam's best sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Wittenberg by Cove 9.1 Excellent Nieuwe Kerkstraat 157, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Centrally located, Wittenberg allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best tourist attractions. Guests can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals The Social Hub Amsterdam City 8.5 Excellent Wibautstraat 129, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel The Student Hotel Amsterdam City is situated in Amsterdam and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 137 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Generator Amsterdam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,539 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 7.9Solo 7.9Friends 7.6Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 8.0 Great Anonymous, Dec. 2016 Photos of Generator Amsterdam All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Other (7) Bar (6) Building (4) Where is Generator Amsterdam Most Popular Landmarks NEMO1.5 km Heineken Experience1.9 km Rijksmuseum2.3 km Royal Palace Amsterdam2.3 km Anne Frank Huis2.8 km Amsterdam RAI3.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam 's-Gravesandestraat0.2 km Amsterdam 1e v.Swindenstraat0.3 km Amsterdam Linnaeusstraat0.5 km Amsterdam Plantage Lepellaan0.7 km Amsterdam Muiderpoort0.8 km Amsterdam Artis0.8 km FAQs when booking at Generator Amsterdam How close is Generator Amsterdam to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? There are 11.9 km between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Generator Amsterdam. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Generator Amsterdam? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Generator Amsterdam guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Generator Amsterdam from the Amsterdam city center? Generator Amsterdam is just 0.5 km away from the center of Weesperbuurt en Plantage, Amsterdam. From Generator Amsterdam you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rijksmuseum. What is the Generator Amsterdam phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +31 207 085 600 to talk to a Generator Amsterdam front desk representative. Does Generator Amsterdam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Generator Amsterdam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Generator Amsterdam? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Generator Amsterdam, Amsterdam? C$ 29 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Generator Amsterdam, with average deals around C$ 131 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Generator Amsterdam? Generator Amsterdam does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Generator Amsterdam have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Generator Amsterdam. How far is Generator Amsterdam from Van Gogh Museum? You can walk to Van Gogh Museum while staying at Generator Amsterdam - you’ll be about 2.6 km away. Is Generator Amsterdam close to Anne Frank Huis? Anne Frank Huis is also a popular place to see in Amsterdam. It is 2.8 km from Generator Amsterdam. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Generator Amsterdam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
