https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/George_Hotel_London.htm
George Hotel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 George Hotel George Hotel Hotel 58-60 Cartwright Gardens, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 1,259 reviews 6.9 C$ 102 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for George Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About George Hotel George Hotel London is situated in London and is within a 10-minute walk of Euston Bus Station. It is located a short stroll from the British Library and Russell Square. Guests of this 3-star... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.0 km Rating 6.9 Nearest airport London Biggin Hill Distance to airport 24.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 387 8777 All policies Amenities at George Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available No smoking Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Tea/coffee maker Fire extinguisher Kettle Flat-screen TV Non-feather pillow Toilet Free toiletries Shampoo Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities First-aid kit Garden Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Airport shuttle Tour desk Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to George Hotel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to George Hotel St Athans Hotel 7.4 Good 20-24 Tavistock Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central London, St Athans Hotel is a short walk to several local attractions, including the British Library and Dolphin Swimming Club. Only a short walk from Russell Square, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a flat-screen TV and heating. C$ 123 Avg. per night View Deals Studios2Let 7.7 Good London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in London, Studios 2 Let Apartments London offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the British Library. It is surrounded by a variety of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Euston Bus Station. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman London St Pancras 8.5 Excellent 100-110 Euston Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in London, Pullman London St Pancras offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the British Library. It also provides an executive floor, a sauna and a ballroom. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for George Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.9 OkayBased on 1,259 verified guest reviews 6.6Couples 6.9Friends 7.1Solo 6.9Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of George Hotel All photos (20) Bedroom (13) Room amenity (2) Bathroom (1) Building (1) Where is George Hotel Most Popular Landmarks British Museum0.7 km Bloomsbury Square0.8 km Oxford Circus1.6 km Leicester Square1.8 km Piccadilly Circus1.9 km Trafalgar Square2.0 km Getting Around London Euston0.5 km London Russel Square0.5 km London King's Cross0.6 km London St Pancras0.6 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.1 km London Farringdon1.8 km FAQs when booking at George Hotel Is pricing at George Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 306. The expected nightly rate for George Hotel is around C$ 147; a price that is 65% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers George Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in London. How close is George Hotel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With no traffic, the 23.6 km drive between George Hotel and London Heathrow Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 18m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to George Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for George Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is George Hotel from the London city center? George Hotel is just 0.2 km away from the center of St. Pancras, London. From George Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the George Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 387 8777 to talk to a George Hotel front desk representative. Does George Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, George Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at George Hotel? George Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at George Hotel, London? A good deal at George Hotel right now is between C$ 67 and C$ 147 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is George Hotel from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at George Hotel - you’ll be about 3.8 km away. Is George Hotel close to London Bridge? George Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit London Bridge, which is 3.4 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 George Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
