https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gevora_Hotel.htm
Gevora Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Gevora Hotel Gevora Hotel Hotel Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Centre Area, Next to Al Attar Tower, PO Box: 2260, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 9,845 reviews 7.7 C$ 186 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gevora Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Gevora Hotel Located in Dubai, Gevora Hotel provides free Wi-Fi and a gym. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. Rooms at Gevora Hotel provide a flat-screen television, a mini bar and an ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Rating 7.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4524 0000 All policies Amenities at Gevora Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Gevora Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Gevora Hotel Rose Rayhaan by Rotana 8.0 Excellent Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Center 2,P.O. Box 126452, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Taking out the title of the world's second tallest hotel, Rose Rayhaan by Rotana - Dubai stands 333 metres high with 72 stories, and offers guests a swimming pool and a sauna. It is a short walk from Financial Centre Metro Station, offering guests an ideal base while visiting Dubai. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Carlton Downtown Hotel 7.6 Good Sheikh Zayed Road P.o Box 7143, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Carlton Downtown Hotel is only a five-minute walk from Financial Centre Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts, make for an enjoyable stay in Dubai. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool and a limousine service, Dusit Thani is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. It also offers a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai 7.6 Good 117546 Al Mustaqbal Steet, Opposite The Dubai Mall, Downtown Dubai Dubai, Uae, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Roda Al Murooj Hotel is situated in Dubai and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gevora Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 9,847 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.8Couples 7.7Families 7.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date O 8.7 Great Omar , May 2019 excellent service and location Photos of Gevora Hotel All photos (48) Bedroom (13) Outdoors view (6) Lobby (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Gevora Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Emirates Towers0.8 km Burj Khalifa1.7 km Dubai Mall1.8 km The Dubai Fountain1.9 km Ibn Battuta Mall24.4 km Al Karama5.0 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station19.8 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach29.6 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.4 km Dubai Np5.1 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus7.8 km FAQs when booking at Gevora Hotel Is pricing at Gevora Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at Gevora Hotel will generally be 50% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at Gevora Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 237/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Gevora Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At just 9.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to Gevora Hotel is 0h 07m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Gevora Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Gevora Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Gevora Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Dubai often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Gevora Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Gevora Hotel from the Dubai city center? Gevora Hotel is 0.4 km away from the center of DIFC, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Gevora Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Gevora Hotel phone number? For questions about Gevora Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4524 0000. Does Gevora Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gevora Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Gevora Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Gevora Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Gevora Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Gevora Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Gevora Hotel, Dubai? A good deal at Gevora Hotel right now is between C$ 128 and C$ 237 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Gevora Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Gevora Hotel, Dubai. A bar is also available on-site. Does Gevora Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Gevora Hotel from Dubai Mall? Gevora Hotel is a walkable distance (1.8 km) from Dubai Mall, Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Gevora Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
