https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ghaya_Grand_Hotel.htm
Ghaya Grand Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Ghaya Grand Hotel Ghaya Grand Hotel Hotel International Media Production Zone, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 2,300 reviews 8.1 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ghaya Grand Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Ghaya Grand Hotel Situated in Dubai, Ghaya Grand Hotel provides 5-star accommodation, as well as outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. Ghaya Grand Hotel feat... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.5 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 29.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4422 2111 All policies Amenities at Ghaya Grand Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Lake view Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private apartment in building Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Garage Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Golf Aerobics Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Table tennis Playground Pool table Outdoor tennis Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Ghaya Grand Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Ghaya Grand Hotel Oaks Liwa Heights Suites 8.4 Excellent Jumeirah Lakes Towers, P. O. Box 31303, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.2 km from current hotel Oaks Liwa Heights offers 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It provides free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and squash courts. C$ 188 Avg. per night View Deals Taj Jumeirah Lakes Towers 8.6 Excellent DMCC Plot No 2-27, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.2 km from current hotel Taj Jumeirah Lakes Towers is a modern setting when visiting Dubai and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a butler service, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Ramee Rose Hotel 6.1 Good Tecom, al Barsha P.O.Box, 26816, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.6 km from current hotel Ramee Rose Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals First Central Hotel Suites 8.1 Excellent Tecom, Al Barsha 3, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.7 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, First Central Hotel Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and facial treatments. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ghaya Grand Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,300 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.2Solo 8.1Friends 8.2Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Apr. 2017 I interesting in this hotel Photos of Ghaya Grand Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (21) Bathroom (8) Pool (6) Living room (5) Where is Ghaya Grand Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse17.3 km The Dubai Fountain19.5 km Burj Khalifa19.6 km Dubai Mall19.7 km Emirates Towers22.0 km Dubai Creek25.6 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station25.5 km Dubai Np26.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus29.0 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach50.1 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station8.0 km FAQs when booking at Ghaya Grand Hotel Is pricing at Ghaya Grand Hotel comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? Hotels in Dubai that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 531/night, but on average, Ghaya Grand Hotel is available for 81% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Ghaya Grand Hotel for C$ 135/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Dubai. How close is Ghaya Grand Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At 29.3 km away, Dubai Intl Airport is the closest airport to Ghaya Grand Hotel. The average expected drive time from Ghaya Grand Hotel to Dubai Intl Airport is 0h 22m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Ghaya Grand Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Ghaya Grand Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ghaya Grand Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Ghaya Grand Hotel? Yes, Ghaya Grand Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Ghaya Grand Hotel from the Dubai city center? Ghaya Grand Hotel is just 2.6 km away from the center of Dubailand, Dubai. From Ghaya Grand Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Gold Souq. What is the Ghaya Grand Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4422 2111 to talk to a Ghaya Grand Hotel front desk representative. Does Ghaya Grand Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ghaya Grand Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ghaya Grand Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Ghaya Grand Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Ghaya Grand Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Ghaya Grand Hotel, Dubai? Ghaya Grand Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 135/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 66/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Ghaya Grand Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Ghaya Grand Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Ghaya Grand Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Ghaya Grand Hotel. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Ghaya Grand Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
