https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gold_Coast_Hotel_and_Casino.htm
Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Hotel 4000 West Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 69 reviews 7.2 C$ 90 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Featuring a bowling alley and an outdoor pool, Gold Coast Hotel and Casino is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Palms Casino Resort. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned ro... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.2 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 5.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 367 7111 All policies Amenities at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Terrace/Patio Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Gift shop Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Safe Shops (on site) Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Show more Activities Fitness centre Bowling Casino Game room Bingo Services Conference rooms Wedding services Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino 6.5 Good 3700 West Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hosting regular performances from famous musicians, magicians and comedians in its on-site Crowne Theater, this 4-star hotel is ideal for guests looking to be entertained while in Las Vegas. It has exclusive access to a secluded beach. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Vdara Hotel & Spa at ARIA Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 2600 West Harmon Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel This gaming-free, all-suite Las Vegas hotel has an impressive rooftop space with plunge pools, sun loungers and a pool-side bar. It provides views of Las Vegas Strip, and features a sauna. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Bellagio 8.4 Excellent 3600 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located on the Vegas strip, Bellagio Las Vegas is known for its dancing fountain shows, expansive casino and live performances. Popular amenities, such as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for a satisfying stay in Las Vegas. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Caesars Palace - Resort & Casino 7.5 Good 3570 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel With its own casino, Omnia and a state-of-the-art spa centre, this Las Vegas resort provides a whole host of entertainment options. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gold Coast Hotel and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 69 verified guest reviews 10.0Friends 8.8Couples 6.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Gold Coast Hotel and Casino All photos (39) Restaurant (6) Bedroom (5) Bar (4) Banquet hall (4) Where is Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Most Popular Landmarks Fountains of Bellagio1.6 km Crystals at City Center1.8 km T-Mobile Arena1.8 km Sam's Town11.6 km TPC Summerlin12.6 km High Roller2.1 km Getting Around Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza1.2 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.7 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.9 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.9 km Las Vegas Greyhound North10.9 km FAQs when booking at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino How close is Gold Coast Hotel and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Gold Coast Hotel and Casino is 5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Gold Coast Hotel and Casino? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino? Yes. Many people visiting Las Vegas look for a hotel with a pool. Gold Coast Hotel and Casino has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Gold Coast Hotel and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? The center of West of The Strip, Las Vegas, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Thomas and Mack Center, which you can get to from Gold Coast Hotel and Casino using any means of transportation. What is the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino please call +1 702 367 7111. Is there a gym or fitness center at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino? Yes, there is a gym available to Gold Coast Hotel and Casino guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino? Gold Coast Hotel and Casino has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas? Usually Gold Coast Hotel and Casino room prices are around C$ 145/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 8/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino? Yes - Gold Coast Hotel and Casino does have a restaurant. Does Gold Coast Hotel and Casino have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Gold Coast Hotel and Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? Gold Coast Hotel and Casino is a walkable distance (1.6 km) from Fountains of Bellagio, Las Vegas. Is Gold Coast Hotel and Casino close to Colosseum at Caesars Palace? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Colosseum at Caesars Palace and Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Gold Coast Hotel and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
