https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Golden_Gate_Hotel_Casino.htm
Golden Gate Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Hotel 1 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 940 reviews 6.6 C$ 67 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Golden Gate Hotel and Casino This modern hotel is located in Las Vegas and is a few minutes on foot from Greyhound Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. This historic hotel offers luggage storage, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 9.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 385 1906 All policies Amenities at Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Accessible parking Physical distancing rules Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Bathtub Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Casino Golf Evening entertainment Pay-per-view channels Services Ticket service Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Plaza Hotel & Casino 7.3 Good 1 Main Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Plaza Hotel & Casino is just a five-minute walk from Greyhound Bus Station. This modern property is ideally situated in Downtown Las Vegas. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Golden Nugget Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.5 Good 129 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino Las Vegas offers modern accommodation in Las Vegas and is a few minutes on foot from Greyhound Bus Station. This elegant resort is set in the heart of the city. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Fremont Hotel & Casino 8.3 Excellent 200 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, just a 10-minute walk from Greyhound Bus Station, Fremont Hotel and Casino provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals the D Las Vegas 7.8 Good 301 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, just a short walk from Greyhound Bus Station, The D Las Vegas provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Golden Gate Hotel and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 940 verified guest reviews 6.2Friends 6.4Families 6.7Couples 6.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date D 9.0 Excellent Diana, May 2019 loved the location although I asked for a room with a view of something other than a wall...I got a view of 3 walls. Ugh. Still the room was quaint and clean. Kinda nostalgic and I like that. Right on Fremont street so very conveinent to everything. I would stay there again. J 7.5 Good Jennifer, Oct. 2017 The Casino is beautiful, the hotel itself is nice and clean but the bathrooms of the rooms were to small, I was able to maneuver around best we could but over all we needed a bit more space? My aunt is handicapped and the walk from elevator to her room was a bit far, and she said that the halls were scary walking alone, kind of dark in the hallways. We had security escort her back to feel safe. Photos of Golden Gate Hotel and Casino All photos (29) Bedroom (11) Other (7) Bathroom (6) Building (1) Where is Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Most Popular Landmarks Fremont Street Experience0.3 km World Market Center0.9 km Sam's Town10.0 km TPC Summerlin14.8 km Stratosphere Tower2.8 km High Roller6.3 km Getting Around Las Vegas Downtown0.2 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.6 km Las Vegas Downtown Bus0.7 km Las Vegas Tufesa1.3 km Las Vegas Tufesa International1.3 km Las Vegas Lds Temple11.4 km FAQs when booking at Golden Gate Hotel and Casino How close is Golden Gate Hotel and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Golden Gate Hotel and Casino is 9.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 07m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Golden Gate Hotel and Casino? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Golden Gate Hotel and Casino can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, Golden Gate Hotel and Casino has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Golden Gate Hotel and Casino guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. How close is Golden Gate Hotel and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? The center of Downtown, Las Vegas, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Golden Gate Hotel and Casino. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Fountains of Bellagio, which you can get to from Golden Gate Hotel and Casino using any means of transportation. What is the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino phone number? For questions about Golden Gate Hotel and Casino and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 385 1906. Does Golden Gate Hotel and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Golden Gate Hotel and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Golden Gate Hotel and Casino? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Golden Gate Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas? A good deal at Golden Gate Hotel and Casino right now is between C$ 13 and C$ 85 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Golden Gate Hotel and Casino from Discovery Children's Museum? Golden Gate Hotel and Casino is a walkable distance (1.3 km) from Discovery Children's Museum, Las Vegas. Is Golden Gate Hotel and Casino close to Stratosphere Tower? 2.8 km - making Stratosphere Tower a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Golden Gate Hotel and Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Golden Gate Hotel and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
