https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gordons_Guest_House.htm
Gordon's Guest House, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Gordon's Guest House Gordon's Guest House Guest house 2670 E. 28th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 44 reviews 8.8 C$ 76 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gordon's Guest House Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Gordon's Guest House Located a short walk from 29th Avenue Railway Station, Gordon's Guest House is an ideal base when in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. The guest house prov... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 436 2624 All policies Amenities at Gordon's Guest House Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Allergy-free room No smoking Quiet street view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Linens Fan Cable or satellite TV Adults only Fire extinguisher Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Shared bathroom Sauna Shared kitchen Heated pool Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Trash cans TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Desk Hot tub Indoor pool Dining table Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Socket near the bed Wardrobe or closet Alarm clock Show more Services Beauty salon Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Gordon's Guest House Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Gordon's Guest House 2400 Motel 4.6 Okay 2400 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from 29th Avenue Railway Station, 2400 Motel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. It also offers complimentary wireless internet to all guests during their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Cassandra Hotel 6.9 Good 3075 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Cassandra Hotel is situated in Vancouver and is close to the area's popular attractions. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver 3505 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Joyce-Collingwood Station, The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver offers guests an ideal base while in Vancouver. It also offers luggage storage, a tour desk and a 24-hour reception. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Atrium Inn Vancouver 7.4 Good 2889 Hastings Street East, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Atrium Inn Vancouver is an easy drive from Stanley Park and provides free private parking on site. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gordon's Guest House 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 44 verified guest reviews 7.2Couples 10.0Friends 7.5Families 8.9Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Gordon's Guest House Most Popular Landmarks Capilano Suspension Bridge11.8 km Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre14.0 km Metropolis at Metrotown4.3 km Pacific Coliseum4.5 km Science World at TELUS World of Science4.9 km TELUS World of Science5.0 km Getting Around Vancouver Cambie St & King Edward St - Bus Stop Bay 44.7 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station4.7 km Vancouver Cambie St & 41st St- Bus Stop Bay 14.9 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station5.1 km Vancouver Cambie and 49th - Bus Stop Bay 45.2 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel5.8 km FAQs when booking at Gordon's Guest House Is pricing at Gordon's Guest House comparable to 1 star hotels in Vancouver? There is a 38% difference in the average nightly rate of 1 star hotels in Vancouver and the average nightly rate at Gordon's Guest House. The rate at Gordon's Guest House is just C$ 102/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Vancouver. How close is Gordon's Guest House to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 6.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to Gordon's Guest House is 0h 05m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Gordon's Guest House? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Gordon's Guest House can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Gordon's Guest House has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Gordon's Guest House? Yes, Gordon's Guest House has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Gordon's Guest House from the Vancouver city center? Gordon's Guest House is just 0.8 km away from the center of Renfrew-Collingwood, Vancouver. From Gordon's Guest House you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as TELUS World of Science. What is the Gordon's Guest House phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 436 2624. Does Gordon's Guest House have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gordon's Guest House has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Gordon's Guest House? Gordon's Guest House check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Gordon's Guest House, Vancouver? Usually Gordon's Guest House room prices are around C$ 102/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 69/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Gordon's Guest House have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Gordon's Guest House. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Gordon's Guest House Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
