https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/GR_Caribe_Deluxe_By_Solaris_All_Inclusive.htm
GR Caribe by Solaris, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 GR Caribe by Solaris GR Caribe by Solaris Hotel Blvd Kukulcan Lote 64 Bis 2da etapa seca, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 355 reviews 7.6 C$ 266 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for GR Caribe by Solaris Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About GR Caribe by Solaris Located in Cancun, GR Caribe Deluxe By Solaris All Inclusive offers elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as a private beach, an outdoor pool and outdoor tennis courts. It also provides a sauna, an al... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.9 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 9.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 8400 All policies Amenities at GR Caribe by Solaris Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Fan Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Room service Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Sea view Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine Smartphone dock Valet parking Desk Show more Activities Eco tourism Golf Aerobics Fitness centre Mini-golf Water sport facilities (on site) Outdoor tennis Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon Airport shuttle (surcharge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to GR Caribe by Solaris Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to GR Caribe by Solaris Royal Solaris Cancun 8.0 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan Km 20.5, Lote 64, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Spa at The Royal Sands, Royal Solaris Cancun-All Inclusive provides modern accommodation in Cancun. It has a fitness centre, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan, an outdoor pool and a kids club. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Bel Air Collection Resort & Spa Cancun Blvd. Kukulcan Km 20.5 Lote 65-a, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a private beach, Bel Air Collection Resort and Spa Cancun is located in Cancun and provides award-winning accommodation. There is also a gym with pilates classes, yoga classes and an infinity pool. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Óleo Cancún Playa 8.1 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel OLEO Cancun Playa All Inclusive Boutique Resort has 168 chic rooms and features an outdoor pool. This unique property is conveniently located in Hotel Zone. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean View Apartments 3.8 Mediocre Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Ocean View Apartment Cancun offers 3-star accommodation in Cancun. It also provides a safe and laundry facilities. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for GR Caribe by Solaris 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 355 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 7.5Couples 6.1Solo 7.5Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of GR Caribe by Solaris All photos (45) Pool (9) Restaurant (8) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (3) Where is GR Caribe by Solaris Most Popular Landmarks Playa Delfines1.4 km Playa Gaviota Azul10.2 km Playa Tortugas10.3 km Puerto Cancun12.7 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun2.0 km Getting Around Cancún Royal Solaris0.2 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa1.0 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach1.9 km Cancún Ultramar Playa Caracol Pier (Hotels Area)10.5 km Cancún Plaza Nautilus11.0 km Cancún Plaza Terra Viva11.5 km FAQs when booking at GR Caribe by Solaris Is pricing at GR Caribe by Solaris comparable to 4 star hotels in Cancún? In Cancún, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 292. The expected nightly rate for GR Caribe by Solaris is around C$ 324; a price that is 18% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers GR Caribe by Solaris to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Cancún. How close is GR Caribe by Solaris to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At 9.8 km away, Cancun Airport is the closest airport to GR Caribe by Solaris. The average expected drive time from GR Caribe by Solaris to Cancun Airport is 0h 07m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to GR Caribe by Solaris? Getting from Cancun Airport to GR Caribe by Solaris can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, GR Caribe by Solaris has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for GR Caribe by Solaris guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Cancún. Is there a pool at GR Caribe by Solaris? Yes. Many people visiting Cancún look for a hotel with a pool. GR Caribe by Solaris has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is GR Caribe by Solaris from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 9.8 km away from the front doors of GR Caribe by Solaris. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Plaza de Toros, which you can get to from GR Caribe by Solaris using any means of transportation. What is the GR Caribe by Solaris phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +52 998 848 8400. Does GR Caribe by Solaris have Wi-Fi available? Yes, GR Caribe by Solaris has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at GR Caribe by Solaris? Yes, there is a gym available to GR Caribe by Solaris guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at GR Caribe by Solaris? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at GR Caribe by Solaris, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at GR Caribe by Solaris, Cancún? On average, guests have been paying C$ 324 per night to stay at GR Caribe by Solaris. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 106 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at GR Caribe by Solaris? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at GR Caribe by Solaris, Cancún. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does GR Caribe by Solaris have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at GR Caribe by Solaris. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is GR Caribe by Solaris from Playa Delfines? GR Caribe by Solaris is a walkable distance (1.4 km) from Playa Delfines, Cancún. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 GR Caribe by Solaris Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
