https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/GR_Solaris_Cancun_All_Inclusive.htm
Gr Solaris Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Gr Solaris Cancun Gr Solaris Cancun Hotel Boulevard Kukulkan KM. 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 569 reviews 7.8 C$ 264 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gr Solaris Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Gr Solaris Cancun Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 20-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It has a fitness centre, as well as an ... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.3 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 10.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 8400 All policies Amenities at Gr Solaris Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Private parking Storage available Private pool Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Fitness room Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone CD player Toilet Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Game room Aerobics Bingo Cooking classes Fitness centre Tennis Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Water park Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Concierge service Entertainment staff Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Gr Solaris Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Gr Solaris Cancun Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Crown Paradise Club Cancun - All Inclusive offers 5-star accommodation in Cancun. It also provides outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Solymar Cancun Beach Resort 4.7 Okay Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Solymar Cancun Beach Resort is within walking distance of El Rey Mayan Ruins and provides a private beach and an outdoor pool. It also features a kids pool, massage services and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Solaris Cancun 8.0 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan Km 20.5, Lote 64, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Spa at The Royal Sands, Royal Solaris Cancun-All Inclusive provides modern accommodation in Cancun. It has a fitness centre, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan, an outdoor pool and a kids club. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gr Solaris Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 569 verified guest reviews 7.1Solo 7.7Couples 7.9Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Gr Solaris Cancun All photos (51) Bedroom (13) Pool (11) Restaurant (7) Building (4) Where is Gr Solaris Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Delfines0.7 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun1.2 km Puerto Cancun12.0 km Playa Gaviota Azul9.4 km Playa Tortugas9.5 km Getting Around Cancún Royal Solaris0.5 km Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort1.6 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa1.7 km Cancún Plaza Nautilus10.3 km Cancún Plaza Terra Viva10.8 km Cancún Tortugas Beach11.2 km FAQs when booking at Gr Solaris Cancun Is pricing at Gr Solaris Cancun comparable to 4 star hotels in Cancún? Hotels in Cancún that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 292/night, but on average, Gr Solaris Cancun is available for 18% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Gr Solaris Cancun for C$ 324/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Cancún. How close is Gr Solaris Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 10.1 km drive between Gr Solaris Cancun and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 07m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Gr Solaris Cancun? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 20/day and parking it at Gr Solaris Cancun where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Gr Solaris Cancun? Yes, Gr Solaris Cancun has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Gr Solaris Cancun from the Cancún city center? Gr Solaris Cancun is just 9 km away from the center of Hotel Zone, Cancún. From Gr Solaris Cancun you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Plaza de Toros. What is the Gr Solaris Cancun phone number? The best way to contact Gr Solaris Cancun is by calling +52 998 848 8400. Does Gr Solaris Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gr Solaris Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Gr Solaris Cancun? Yes, Gr Solaris Cancun has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Gr Solaris Cancun? Gr Solaris Cancun check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Gr Solaris Cancun, Cancún? Usually Gr Solaris Cancun room prices are around C$ 324/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 32/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Gr Solaris Cancun? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Gr Solaris Cancun for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Gr Solaris Cancun have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Gr Solaris Cancun, Cancún. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Gr Solaris Cancun from Playa Delfines? The popular Playa Delfines is just over 0.7 km from Gr Solaris Cancun. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Gr Solaris Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
