https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Grand_Royale_London_Hyde_Park.htm
Grand Royale London Hyde Park, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Grand Royale London Hyde Park Grand Royale London Hyde Park Hotel 1-9 Inverness Terrace, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 5,406 reviews 6.8 C$ 165 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Grand Royale London Hyde Park Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Grand Royale London Hyde Park Situated in London, Grand Royale London Hyde Park offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Queensway. It provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and 24-hour room service. This modern hotel off... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.4 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 19.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 313 7900 All policies Amenities at Grand Royale London Hyde Park Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Grand Royale London Hyde Park Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Grand Royale London Hyde Park Central Park Hotel 6.6 Good 49/67 Queensborough Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This contemporary London hotel is situated within a 10-minute walk of Lancaster Gate Tube Station. It also offers laundry facilities, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Troy Hotel 7.6 Good 68-70 Queensborough Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Troy Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Westminster. The numerous facilities this elegant hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, an executive floor and a 24-hour reception. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Lancaster Gate Hotel 7.9 Good 66-71 Lancaster Gate, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Ideally situated in London, Lancaster Gate Hotel offers modern accommodation within a short drive of Oxford Street. The numerous facilities this charming hotel features include a coffee bar, 24-hour room service and meeting rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Park Grand London Lancaster Gate 7.4 Good 14-16 Craven Hill, Lancaster Gate, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Park Grand London Lancaster Gate is situated in London and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including Queensway and the Great Western Railway War Memorial. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Grand Royale London Hyde Park 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 5,406 verified guest reviews 7.0Solo 6.8Friends 6.9Families 6.6Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date L 10.0 Excellent Lucy, Feb. 2017 The staff were incredibly helpful and so nice. Breakfast was great each day without fail and the wait staff were very attentive. The rooms were modern and I could have slept forever in those beds! An amazing historical building as well. Overall excellent. Photos of Grand Royale London Hyde Park All photos (40) Bedroom (13) Lounge (9) Restaurant (7) Building (4) Where is Grand Royale London Hyde Park Most Popular Landmarks Kensington Gardens0.7 km Hyde Park1.1 km Harrods2.0 km Oxford Circus3.1 km Buckingham Palace3.3 km Piccadilly Circus3.6 km Getting Around London Palace Court0.4 km London Palace Gardens Terrace0.5 km London Paddington0.9 km London Royal Albert Hall1.2 km London Hyde Park1.7 km London Cromwell Road1.8 km FAQs when booking at Grand Royale London Hyde Park Is pricing at Grand Royale London Hyde Park comparable to 4 star hotels in London? There is a 61% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in London and the average nightly rate at Grand Royale London Hyde Park. The rate at Grand Royale London Hyde Park is just C$ 223/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in London. How close is Grand Royale London Hyde Park to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 19.2 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to Grand Royale London Hyde Park. The average expected drive time from Grand Royale London Hyde Park to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Grand Royale London Hyde Park? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Grand Royale London Hyde Park guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is Grand Royale London Hyde Park from the London city center? Grand Royale London Hyde Park is 0.2 km away from the center of Bayswater, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Grand Royale London Hyde Park by various forms of transportation. What is the Grand Royale London Hyde Park phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 313 7900 to talk to a Grand Royale London Hyde Park front desk representative. Does Grand Royale London Hyde Park have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Grand Royale London Hyde Park has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Grand Royale London Hyde Park? Grand Royale London Hyde Park has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Grand Royale London Hyde Park, London? Grand Royale London Hyde Park room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 223/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 80/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Grand Royale London Hyde Park? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Grand Royale London Hyde Park for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Grand Royale London Hyde Park have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Grand Royale London Hyde Park that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Grand Royale London Hyde Park from Hyde Park? Grand Royale London Hyde Park is about 1.1 km from Hyde Park, one of London’s most popular landmarks. Is Grand Royale London Hyde Park close to Nobu Portman Square? Nobu Portman Square is also a popular place to see in London. It is 2.1 km from Grand Royale London Hyde Park. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Grand Royale London Hyde Park Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
