https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Granville_Island_Hotel.htm
Granville Island Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Granville Island Hotel Granville Island Hotel Hotel 1253 Johnston Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 417 reviews 8.6 C$ 268 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Granville Island Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Granville Island Hotel Located a short walk from Yaletown Roundhouse Skytrain Station, Granville Island Hotel provides guests with an ideal base while in Vancouver. This sophisticated hotel is an ideal base for discovering ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 9.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 683 7373 All policies Amenities at Granville Island Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Cycling Fitness centre Tennis Services Conference rooms Wedding services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Granville Island Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Granville Island Hotel Executive Hotel Vintage Park 7.6 Good 1379 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Gec Granville Suites Downtown 7.5 Good 718 Drake Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, GEC Granville Suites Downtown allows for easy access to Vancouver's best sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Park Inn & Suites By Radisson 7.0 Good 898 Broadway W, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Park Inn & Suites by Radisson offers modern accommodation in Vancouver and is within walking distance of Olympic Village Skytrain Station. This cosy hotel is an ideal choice for discovering local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 6.2 Good 1221 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ramada by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown offers easy access to Vancouver's main retail and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Granville Island Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 417 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.5Families 8.7Couples 8.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Granville Island Hotel All photos (39) Other (11) Outdoors view (7) Restaurant (4) Bar (3) Where is Granville Island Hotel Most Popular Landmarks False Creek0.2 km Granville Island Public Market0.4 km BC Place Stadium1.6 km Kitsilano Beach1.7 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.8 km Rogers Arena1.9 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.3 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station1.4 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.6 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station2.0 km FAQs when booking at Granville Island Hotel How close is Granville Island Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Granville Island Hotel is 2.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Granville Island Hotel? Granville Island Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Granville Island Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Granville Island Hotel considered pet-friendly? Granville Island Hotel welcomes most household pets. How close is Granville Island Hotel from the Vancouver city center? Granville Island Hotel is 0.5 km away from the center of Fairview, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Granville Island Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Granville Island Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 683 7373. Does Granville Island Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Granville Island Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Granville Island Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Granville Island Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Granville Island Hotel? Granville Island Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Granville Island Hotel, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 304 per night to stay at Granville Island Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 88 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Granville Island Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Granville Island Hotel for opening and last order times. The hotel also has a bar. Does Granville Island Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Granville Island Hotel from TELUS World of Science? Granville Island Hotel is a good place to stay to see TELUS World of Science. It’s 2 km away. Is Granville Island Hotel close to Rogers Arena? If you want to see Rogers Arena while visiting Vancouver, Granville Island Hotel is just 1.9 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Granville Island Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
