https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Granada-vacation-rentals.htm
Granada, Spain Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Granada, Spain Search and compare Granada, Spain vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Granada, Andalusia, Spain 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Granada, Andalusia, Spain Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Andalusia Hotels 77,970 Granada Hotels 7,274 Granada Hotels 2,185 Granada Vacation Rentals 1,839 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Granada Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Apartamentos Puente Del Carbon Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Granada. It is minutes from Granada Cathedral and shopping and nightlife options. View Deals Casa Miravalle Apartamentos Darro 9.0 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 873 reviews 9.0 Conveniently positioned, Casa Miravalle Apartamentos Darro allows for easy access to Granada's best tourist attractions. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. View Deals Suites Casa Cuesta del Agua 8.7 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 357 reviews 8.7 Conveniently situated, Suites Casa Cuesta del Agua offers easy access to Granada's best sightseeing areas. It also provides massage services, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Apartamentos Turísticos Cumbres Verdes 8.5 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 407 reviews 8.5 Within a 40-minute car ride of Federico Garcia Lorca Airport, Apartamentos Turisticos Cumbres Verdes provides an outdoor pool and free wireless internet. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. View Deals Apartamentos Alhambra 9.5 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 381 reviews 9.5 Conveniently located, Apartments Turisticos Alhambra allows for easy access to Granada's best hot spots. It also features free Wi-Fi, a seasonal swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. View Deals Apartamentos Ghm Monte Gorbea 7.1 Good Monachil, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 13.0 km from city centre, Monachil, AN, Spain GoodBased on 868 reviews 7.1 Apartamentos GHM Gorbea is located in Monachil and provides a ski school. It is an excellent base for those wishing to immerse themselves in nature, with Sierra Nevada National Park just steps away. View Deals Weekendo 8.9 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,028 reviews 8.9 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Granada. It is moments from Carrera del Darro, eateries and nightlife options. View Deals Las Golondrinas de la Alhambra 8.2 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,311 reviews 8.2 Centrally located, Las Golondrinas de la Alhambra offers easy access to Granada's best hot spots. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Elvira Suites 9.0 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 785 reviews 9.0 Centrally located, Elvira Suites allows for easy access to Granada's main tourist and retail hot spots. Just a short walk from Madrasah of Granada, it provides modern apartments equipped with a coffee maker, a private terrace and a refrigerator. View Deals Bibo Suites Gran Vía 9.0 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,492 reviews 9.0 Located in Granada, Habitat Suites Gran Via offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Granada Cathedral. This modern property is set in the heart of the city. View Deals All 2,185 vacation rentals in Granada Tips for booking vacation rentals in Granada Cheapest month: September Most expensive month: June Average price in Granada: C$ 109/night Cheapest price found: C$ 15/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 28 - C$ 236 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 72 - C$ 100 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Granada vacation rentals Show all 2,185 hotels 1 Casa Palacete 1822 9.2 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Conveniently located, Casa Palacete 1822 allows for easy access to Granada's popular sightseeing areas. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a bowling alley and a ski school. View Deals 2 Smart Suites Albaicin 9.2 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Granada. It is moments from Carrera del Darro, eateries and nightlife options. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Granada, Spain Show all 2,185 hotels Apartamento Veleta Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain The property is situated in Granada and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Nest Flats Granada 8.5 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Granada. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals C&V Apartamentos - Horno De Marina 8.4 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Granada. It is moments from Granada Cathedral, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Apn Rio Darro 8.3 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Conveniently positioned, Apartamentos Rio Darro allows for easy access to Granada's main hot spots. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Aqua Granada Inn Apartments 8.4 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Conveniently situated, Granada Inn Apartments offers easy access to Granada's main hot spots. It also provides a bowling alley, 24-hour room service and an outdoor pool. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Santa Ana Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Granada. It is moments from Carrera del Darro and is close to the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Palacio Almagra 8.8 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Conveniently situated, Palacio Almagra allows for easy access to Granada's popular hot spots. It also offers massage services, a tour desk and a swimming pool. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Casa de la Lonja 8.9 Excellent Granada, Andalusia, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Granada, AN, Spain Centrally located, Apartamentos Casa de la Lonja allows for easy access to Granada's main tourist and retail hot spots. It also offers an airport shuttle, free Wi-Fi and a tour desk. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Where to stay in Granada Hotels in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Lloret de Mar Show more Hotels in popular Granada neighbourhoods La Chana, Granada vacation rentals Cervantes, Granada vacation rentals Rosaleda, Granada vacation rentals Albaicin, Granada vacation rentals Camino de Ronda, Granada vacation rentals Zaidin-Vergeles, Granada vacation rentals Carretera de la Sierra, Granada vacation rentals Pajaritos, Granada vacation rentals Plaza Toros-Doctores-San Lazaro, Granada vacation rentals Centro - Sagrario, Granada vacation rentals Show more Vacation rentals in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Show more Facts about staying in Granada How much does a vacation rental in Granada cost? Granada vacation rentals are C$ 109/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, December is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Granada, and February is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 16/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 91/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Granada vacation rental? Casa Palacete 1822 has a 9.2 rating from 242 users, making it the best Granada vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Granada Federico Garcia Lorca Airport? It’s only 13.6 km from Granada Federico Garcia Lorca Airport to Apartamento Veleta (the nearest Granada vacation rental to the airport). What part of Granada is best to stay in? Centro - Sagrario is the best part of Granada to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Granada vacation rentals, 95% of them looked for stays in the Centro - Sagrario neighbourhood in the last year. The Apartamentos Catedral Plaza 3000 happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Centro - Sagrario neighbourhood of Granada. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Granada near Granada City Centre? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Granada City Centre while in Granada, then the most popular is Bibo Suites Gran Vía with a 9.0/10 review score from 2,492 users. The distance from Granada City Centre to Bibo Suites Gran Vía is 0.3 km. Are there Granada vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 19 Granada vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Apartamentos Ghm Monte Gorbea is the most popular vacation rental in Granada that features this amenity. Are there any Guest house vacation rentals in Granada? Yes, there are 41 Guest house vacation rentals in Granada. According to our data, Hostal Bocanegra is currently the most popular Guest house rental in the city. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Andalusia Hotels 77,970 Granada Hotels 7,274 Granada Hotels 2,185 Granada Vacation Rentals 1,839 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
