https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Leonardo_Royal_Hotel_London_St_Pauls.htm
Grange St Pauls, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Grange St Pauls Grange St Pauls Hotel 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 2,330 reviews 8.2 C$ 211 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Grange St Pauls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Grange St Pauls Located in London, Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul's provides luxury 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and an indoor pool. Only a short walk from Saint Paul's Cathedral, it offers modern ro... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 25.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 074 1000 All policies Amenities at Grange St Pauls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Street parking Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Aerobics Fitness centre Streaming service Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Health club Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Grange St Pauls Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Park Grand London Lancaster Gate 7.4 Good 14-16 Craven Hill, Lancaster Gate, London, United Kingdom Show on map Park Grand London Lancaster Gate is situated in London and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including Queensway and the Great Western Railway War Memorial. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This modern hotel provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and luggage storage. Additionally, the multilingual staff are available to provide assistance. There are 64 rooms at Park Grand London Lancaster Gate, each offering all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Hot drinks can be brewed with the provided tea and coffee supplies. On-site dining options include a restaurant, which is an ideal place to enjoy a meal. An English breakfast is served every morning. Located within walking distance of Lancaster Gate Tube Station, Park Grand London Lancaster Gate has a tour desk with information on what to see and do in London. Regent's Canal, Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are each within walking distance. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Grange St Pauls Club Quarters Hotel, St. Paul's 7.7 Good 24 Ludgate Hill, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated just a brief stroll from St Paul's Tube Station, Club Quarters Hotel St Paul's provides guests with a convenient base when visiting London. It is close to Saint Paul's Cathedral and London Stock Exchange. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Apex Temple Court Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1-2 Serjeants' Inn, Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Apex Temple Court Hotel is an elegant base when visiting London and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Club Quarters Hotel, Gracechurch 7.4 Good 7 Gracechurch Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel This luxury hotel is situated in Central London, and offers laundry facilities, an express check-in and check-out feature and an executive floor. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Liverpool Street Station. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge London Southwark 6.9 Good 202-206 Union Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central London, and offers wireless internet and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Grange St Pauls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 2,330 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 7.8Solo 8.2Families 8.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2019 marvellous all round, great facilities, staff and breakfast. superb location, top marks A 8.1 Great Anonymous, Dec. 2018 Good hotel in a convenient quiet area Photos of Grange St Pauls All photos (54) Bedroom (8) Front desk (7) Lobby (6) Balcony (5) Where is Grange St Pauls Most Popular Landmarks London Bridge1.0 km Borough Market1.1 km London Eye1.7 km Bloomsbury Square1.8 km Tower Bridge1.8 km Trafalgar Square2.1 km Getting Around London Blackfriars0.3 km London City Thameslink0.3 km London Cannon Street0.7 km London Barbican0.8 km London Upper Thames Street0.9 km London Farringdon0.9 km FAQs when booking at Grange St Pauls Is pricing at Grange St Pauls comparable to 5 star hotels in London? Nightly rates at Grange St Pauls will generally be 71% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in London. When staying at Grange St Pauls, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 318/night, which is considered to be a good deal in London for a 5-stars hotel. How close is Grange St Pauls to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At just 25.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to Grange St Pauls is 0h 19m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Grange St Pauls? Grange St Pauls has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in London, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from London Heathrow Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Grange St Pauls guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. Is there a pool at Grange St Pauls? Yes, Grange St Pauls has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Grange St Pauls from the London city center? The center of City of London, London, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Grange St Pauls. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Wembley Stadium, which you can get to from Grange St Pauls using any means of transportation. What is the Grange St Pauls phone number? The best way to contact Grange St Pauls is by calling +44 207 074 1000. Does Grange St Pauls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Grange St Pauls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Grange St Pauls? Yes, there is a gym available to Grange St Pauls guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Grange St Pauls? Grange St Pauls check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Grange St Pauls, London? On average, guests have been paying C$ 318 per night to stay at Grange St Pauls. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 32 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Grange St Pauls? There is a restaurant located in Grange St Pauls. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Grange St Pauls have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Grange St Pauls that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Grange St Pauls from Tower Bridge? Grange St Pauls is about 1.8 km from Tower Bridge, one of London’s most popular landmarks. Is Grange St Pauls close to London Bridge? Walking distance - there’s 1 km between London Bridge and Grange St Pauls. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Grange St Pauls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
