https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Grand_Mandarin_Residence.htm
Grand Mandarin Residence, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Grand Mandarin Residence Grand Mandarin Residence Hotel 106 Ladprao 130, Ladprao Road, Klongjun, Bangkok, Thailand GoodBased on 35 reviews 7.7 C$ 32 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Grand Mandarin Residence Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Grand Mandarin Residence Grand Mandarin Residence provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Bangkok. It offers free wireless internet, a 24-hour reception and massages. There are a variety of amenities available t... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.8 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 15.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 733 9159 All policies Amenities at Grand Mandarin Residence Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Terrace/Patio Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Safe Room service Smoke alarms Free parking 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Activities Karaoke Massage Services Beauty salon 24-hour security Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site All amenities Hotels Similar to Grand Mandarin Residence Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Grand Mandarin Residence Nasa Vegas Hotel 7.8 Good 44 Ramkhamhaeng Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Nasa Vegas Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when in Bangkok. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.8 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Metropole Bangkok is an ideal base when in Bangkok. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Hana Residence Thong Lor 7.7 Good 66 Soi Thonglor 23, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.5 km from current hotel This pet-friendly property is located in Bangkok and offers free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor 8.3 Excellent 22 Soi Phrom Phak, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.9 km from current hotel Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor is located in Bangkok and features miniature golf. It also has an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Grand Mandarin Residence 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 35 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.3Couples 7.7Friends 7.5Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Grand Mandarin Residence All photos (17) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Other (2) Where is Grand Mandarin Residence Most Popular Landmarks Pratunam10.1 km Centralworld10.3 km Central World Plaza10.6 km Siam Square11.0 km MBK Center11.4 km Silom Complex11.5 km Getting Around Bangkok Tri Petch10.0 km Bangkok Klong Toey10.0 km Bangkok Korean Village10.0 km Bangkok Chit Lom Bts10.0 km Bangkok Mo Chit Bus Terminal (Chatuchak)10.1 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Ratchathewi10.2 km FAQs when booking at Grand Mandarin Residence Is pricing at Grand Mandarin Residence comparable to 3 star hotels in Bangkok? Nightly rates at Grand Mandarin Residence will generally be 69% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Bangkok. When staying at Grand Mandarin Residence, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 29/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Bangkok for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Grand Mandarin Residence to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At just 16.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to Grand Mandarin Residence is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Grand Mandarin Residence? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Grand Mandarin Residence where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Grand Mandarin Residence from the Bangkok city center? Grand Mandarin Residence is just 0.5 km away from the center of Bang Kapi, Bangkok. From Grand Mandarin Residence you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Victory Monument. What is the Grand Mandarin Residence phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 733 9159. Does Grand Mandarin Residence have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Grand Mandarin Residence has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Grand Mandarin Residence? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Grand Mandarin Residence, Bangkok? Prices at Grand Mandarin Residence will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 29, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 27. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Grand Mandarin Residence? Yes, food can be ordered from the Grand Mandarin Residence restaurant. Opening times may vary. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Grand Mandarin Residence have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Grand Mandarin Residence from Rajamangala Stadium? Grand Mandarin Residence is a good place to stay to see Rajamangala Stadium. It’s 2 km away. Is Grand Mandarin Residence close to Rajamangala National Stadium? If you want to see Rajamangala National Stadium while visiting Bangkok, Grand Mandarin Residence is just 2 km away. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Grand Mandarin Residence Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
