https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Grand_Hyatt_Residence.htm
Grand Hyatt Residence, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Grand Hyatt Residence Grand Hyatt Residence Aparthotel E11 Sheikh Rashid Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 998 reviews 8.1 C$ 324 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Grand Hyatt Residence Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Grand Hyatt Residence Situated in Dubai, Grand Hyatt Residence provides 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and outdoor tennis courts. It also offers a kids pool, a free shuttle service and a kids clu... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4317 2699 All policies Amenities at Grand Hyatt Residence Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Child pool Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Spa bath Stovetop Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Detached Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Water slide Show more Activities Fitness centre Tennis Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Grand Hyatt Residence Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Grand Hyatt Residence Park Hotel Apartments 7.6 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel This relaxed property in Dubai offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan and a saltwater swimming pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Dubai Creek Heights 8.0 Excellent 20th Street, Dubai Healthcare City, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, the hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides a Turkish steam bath, a rooftop terrace and an infinity pool. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Arabian Park Dubai 8.9 Excellent Al Jadaf Street PO Box 122382, Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Arabian Park Dubai provides modern 3-star accommodation, as well as a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. It has free private parking on site and is close to restaurants and shops. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Marriott Hotel Al Jaddaf, Dubai 7.8 Good 122273 Oud Metha Road,Al Jaddaf Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Marriott Hotel Al Jaddaf Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation in Dubai. It features a spa, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Grand Hyatt Residence 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 998 verified guest reviews 8.8Couples 8.8Solo 8.0Friends 8.1Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Grand Hyatt Residence All photos (30) Pool (6) Living room (5) Bedroom (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Grand Hyatt Residence Most Popular Landmarks Dubai Creek2.0 km Deira City Centre2.7 km Ibn Battuta Mall29.1 km Al Karama3.3 km Al Ghurair Centre4.6 km Emirates Towers4.7 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station24.7 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach25.2 km Dubai Np4.6 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station5.5 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus5.9 km FAQs when booking at Grand Hyatt Residence Is pricing at Grand Hyatt Residence comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? There is a 39% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Dubai and the average nightly rate at Grand Hyatt Residence. The rate at Grand Hyatt Residence is just C$ 387/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dubai. How close is Grand Hyatt Residence to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 4.6 km between Grand Hyatt Residence and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Grand Hyatt Residence? Grand Hyatt Residence has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Grand Hyatt Residence? Yes, Grand Hyatt Residence has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Grand Hyatt Residence from the Dubai city center? Grand Hyatt Residence is 1.5 km away from the center of Al Jaddaf, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Grand Hyatt Residence by various forms of transportation. What is the Grand Hyatt Residence phone number? The best way to contact Grand Hyatt Residence is by calling +971 4317 2699. Does Grand Hyatt Residence have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Grand Hyatt Residence has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Grand Hyatt Residence? Yes, there is a gym available to Grand Hyatt Residence guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Grand Hyatt Residence? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Grand Hyatt Residence, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Grand Hyatt Residence, Dubai? Usually Grand Hyatt Residence room prices are around C$ 387/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 228/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Grand Hyatt Residence? Yes, food can be ordered from the Grand Hyatt Residence restaurant. Opening times may vary. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Grand Hyatt Residence have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Grand Hyatt Residence that can be used by guests. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Grand Hyatt Residence Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
