https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/GS_Hotel_Jongno.htm
Gs Hotel Jongno, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Gs Hotel Jongno Gs Hotel Jongno Hotel 5-5, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 58 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gs Hotel Jongno Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Gs Hotel Jongno GS Hotel Jongno is located in Seoul and is close to Gyeongbokgung Palace. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Jongno 3(sam)-ga Subway Station (Line 1 & 3 & ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.9 km Nearest airport Jeju City Distance to airport 453.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 274 2334 All policies Amenities at Gs Hotel Jongno Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Express check-out 24hr front desk Hairdryer Storage available All amenities Hotels Similar to Gs Hotel Jongno Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Gs Hotel Jongno Central Tourist Hotel 6.5 Good 137, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This hotel is situated in Central Seoul, just a 10-minute walk from Gwangjang Market. Guests also have access to free wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nafore 8.5 Excellent 17, Supyo-ro 18ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Cheonggyecheon and Jongno Tower. Guests can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro 8.1 Excellent 61 Supyo-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Just a few steps away from Euljiro 3(sam)-ga Subway Station (Line 2 & 3) and surrounded by bars and restaurants, Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro is perfect for for those who want to be in the heart of the city. This modern property is conveniently situated in Myeong-dong. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Sky The Classic 388-5, Samil-Daero, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this motel is within easy walking distance of Jongno Tower. It is close to Cheonggyecheon, eateries and shops. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Gs Hotel Jongno Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market1.5 km Dongdaemun Gate1.6 km Gyeongbokgung Palace1.7 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.0 km Yeouido Park7.7 km COEX Mall8.5 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.5 km Seoul Yongsan5.0 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.2 km Seoul Sangbong8.8 km FAQs when booking at Gs Hotel Jongno How close is Gs Hotel Jongno to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 16.8 km between Gs Hotel Jongno and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 13m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Gs Hotel Jongno? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Gs Hotel Jongno from the Seoul city center? The center of Gwansu-dong, Seoul, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Gs Hotel Jongno. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Gs Hotel Jongno using any means of transportation. What is the Gs Hotel Jongno phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 22 274 2334. Does Gs Hotel Jongno have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gs Hotel Jongno has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Gs Hotel Jongno? Gs Hotel Jongno has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Does Gs Hotel Jongno have a laundry service? Gs Hotel Jongno does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Gs Hotel Jongno from Dongdaemun Gate? The popular Dongdaemun Gate is just over 1.6 km from Gs Hotel Jongno. Is Gs Hotel Jongno close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Gwanghwamun and Gs Hotel Jongno. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Gs Hotel Jongno Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
