https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gulf_Star_Hotel.htm
Gulf Star Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Gulf Star Hotel Gulf Star Hotel Hotel Yusuf Baker Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates MediocreBased on 15 reviews 2.9 C$ 61 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Gulf Star Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Gulf Star Hotel Centrally located, Gulf Star Hotel allows for easy access to Dubai's best sightseeing areas. It offers soundproofed rooms that are serviced by a lift. The hotel has 45 rooms and has been rece... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.2 km Rating 2.9 Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4227 5550 All policies Amenities at Gulf Star Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Shops (on site) Room service Iron and ironing board Hairdryer Parking (surcharge) Valet parking Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Photocopier service Ticket service Business centre Currency exchange on-site Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Gulf Star Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Gulf Star Hotel Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Mark Inn Hotel Deira 8.3 Excellent Baniyas Metro Station, Behind Khansaheb Parking, Maktoum Hospital Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Mark Inn Hotel Deira offers easy access to Dubai's best hot spots. The hotel is also ideally located within a five-minute walk of Baniyas Square (Dubai Metro). C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hotel 6.2 Good Al Muteena St. Deira, P.o.Box 25570. Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Marco Polo Hotel Dubai offers modern 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and an executive floor. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Landmark Grand Hotel 7.0 Good Al Riqqa Street PO Box: 42222 Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station, Landmark Grand Hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and free wireless internet. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Gulf Star Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 2.9 BadBased on 15 verified guest reviews 2.4Families 2.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Gulf Star Hotel All photos (13) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (2) Lobby (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Gulf Star Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre0.6 km Gold Souq1.3 km Dubai Gold Souk1.5 km Dubai Museum1.8 km Meydan Racecourse12.4 km Al Karama2.6 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus0.9 km Dubai Np2.6 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.3 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.2 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.0 km FAQs when booking at Gulf Star Hotel Is pricing at Gulf Star Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Dubai? There is a 54% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Dubai and the average nightly rate at Gulf Star Hotel. The rate at Gulf Star Hotel is just C$ 69/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dubai. How close is Gulf Star Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Gulf Star Hotel is 5.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Gulf Star Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Gulf Star Hotel from the Dubai city center? The center of Deira, Dubai, is just 2 km away from the front doors of Gulf Star Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ibn Battuta Mall, which you can get to from Gulf Star Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Gulf Star Hotel phone number? For questions about Gulf Star Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4227 5550. Does Gulf Star Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Gulf Star Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Gulf Star Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Gulf Star Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 1:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Gulf Star Hotel, Dubai? C$ 46 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Gulf Star Hotel, with average deals around C$ 69 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Gulf Star Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Gulf Star Hotel that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Gulf Star Hotel from Gold Souq? You can walk to Gold Souq while staying at Gulf Star Hotel - you’ll be about 1.3 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Gulf Star Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
