https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/H_Avenue_Hotel_Gangnam_Yeoksam.htm
H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Hotel 12, Teheran-ro 29-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea OkayBased on 23 reviews 5.8 C$ 131 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam is located in Seoul and offers free Wi-Fi. It is surrounded by a range of dining options and is within a five-minute walk of Yeoksam Subway Station (Line 2). Th... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.1 km Rating 5.8 Nearest airport Seoul Gimpo Intl Distance to airport 22.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2508 6247 All policies Amenities at H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Non-smoking rooms available Free parking Hairdryer Desk Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Flat-screen TV 24hr front desk Storage available Services 24-hour security Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Hotel Samjung 8.0 Excellent 150, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, Hotel Samjung is located in Seoul and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Sinnonhyeon Subway Station (Line 9). C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam 8.9 Excellent 134, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Seoul offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a 24-hour reception. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals New Hilltop Hotel 645, Nonhyeon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Nonhyeon Subway Station (Line 7), New Hilltop Hotel offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Imperial Palace Seoul is located under a 10-minute stroll from Gangnam-gu Office Station Subway Station (Line 7) and offers air conditioned rooms with a hydromassage shower, a mini bar and a hydro-massage bathtub. It provides free Wi-Fi, and also features a golf course. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 23 verified guest reviews 6.9Solo 5.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam All photos (28) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Front desk (2) Where is H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace10.0 km Yeouido Park10.6 km COEX Mall2.1 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium3.4 km Dongdaemun Market7.8 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool8.0 km Getting Around Seoul Sangbong11.3 km Seoul Yongsan7.2 km Seoul Bus8.3 km Seoul Cheongnyangni8.8 km FAQs when booking at H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Is pricing at H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? In Seoul, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 143. The expected nightly rate for H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam is around C$ 138; a price that is 28% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Seoul. How close is H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 22.1 km between H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 17m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam? H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam from the Seoul city center? H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam is just 0.3 km away from the center of Yeoksam-dong, Seoul. From H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 2508 6247. Does H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam? H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam, Seoul? H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 138/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 120/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. How far is H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam from Jamsil Sports Complex? H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam is about 3.4 km from Jamsil Sports Complex, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
