https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hampton_Inn_and_Suites_by_Hilton_Downtown_Vancouver.htm
Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Hotel 111 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,072 reviews 8.2 C$ 201 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Conveniently situated, Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton- Downtown Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing areas. This award-winning hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the l... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 602 1008 All policies Amenities at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Game room Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Table tennis Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Georgian Court Hotel, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 773 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Georgian Court Hotel BW Premier Collection offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to BC Place Stadium. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Blu Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 177 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Hotel Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 733 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located, YWCA Hotel Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This charming hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown 6.8 Good 180 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Centre offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,072 verified guest reviews 8.3Couples 8.3Friends 8.3Families 7.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown All photos (41) Bathroom (6) Bedroom (5) Gym (5) Conference room (4) Where is Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Most Popular Landmarks BC Place Stadium0.2 km Rogers Arena0.4 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.7 km TELUS World of Science0.9 km Science World at TELUS World of Science0.9 km Waterfront Centre1.0 km Getting Around Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.1 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.8 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station1.2 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown How close is Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown is 1.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown? Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown from the Vancouver city center? Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown is just 0.4 km away from the center of Downtown, Vancouver. From Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown at +1 604 602 1008. Does Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 221 per night to stay at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 148 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown? There is a restaurant located in Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown from TELUS World of Science? The popular TELUS World of Science is just over 0.9 km from Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown. Is Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown close to Rogers Arena? 0.4 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
