https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hampton_Inn_Suites_Beauport_Quebec.htm
Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Hotel 730 Rue D Everell, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,055 reviews 8.8 C$ 161 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Hampton Inn & Suites Beauport Quebec is situated in Quebec City and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides an indoor pool and a gym. There are a variety of amenities on offer to guests of the ... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.8 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 663 9555 All policies Amenities at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Fire extinguisher EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Adapter Microwave Indoor pool Key card access Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Hotel Ambassadeur et Suites 6.7 Good 3401, Boul. Saint-Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, Hotel Ambassadeur et Suites is within a 25-minute drive of Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport and offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals N Hôtel Québec 8.3 Excellent 3390 Boulevard Sainte Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Quebec City and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides a currency exchange, a wake-up service and a 24-hour reception. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Littoral - Hotel & Spa 7.9 Good 3710, Boul. Ste-Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, Littoral - Hotel & Spa provides complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It has a day spa, as well as massage services, a sauna and a beauty centre. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Motel Le Chateauguay 7.6 Good 3842 Boulevard Sainte-Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, Hotel et Motel Le Chateauguay is an easy drive from Parliament Building and the La Citadelle de Quebec. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,055 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 8.8Couples 8.7Families 9.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec All photos (32) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Restaurant (3) Where is Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec13.0 km Quebec Aquarium Park14.8 km Aquarium du Quebec14.9 km Village Vacances Valcartier21.8 km Mont Sainte-Anne31.6 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency4.7 km Getting Around Québec City Vallée1.9 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy11.2 km Québec City Université Laval11.5 km Québec City Laurier (chul)12.8 km Québec City Sainte-Foy13.2 km Québec City Sainte-Foy14.9 km FAQs when booking at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec How close is Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 16.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec? Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec during their stay. Is there a pool at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec? Yes, Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec from the Québec City city center? Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec is 1.3 km away from the center of Saint-Michel, Québec City. Consider visiting Place Royale, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec by various forms of transportation. What is the Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec phone number? The best way to contact Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec is by calling +1 418 663 9555. Does Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec, Québec City? Usually Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec room prices are around C$ 181/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 122/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hampton Inn and Suites Beauport Quebec Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
