https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hampton_Inn_Manhattan_Grand_Central.htm
Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Hotel 231 East 43rd Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,485 reviews 7.6 C$ 191 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central A 10-minute walk from Grand Central Terminal, Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while visiting New York City. It also provides an indoor pool, an ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport New York Flushing Distance to airport 12.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 897 3385 All policies Amenities at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central The Westin New York Grand Central 8.0 Excellent 212 East 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Manhattan, a quick walk from Chrysler Building. It is situated a brief stroll from United Nations Headquarters. C$ 293 Avg. per night View Deals Vanderbilt Ymca 224 East 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Grand Central Terminal, Vanderbilt YMCA offers guests a convenient base while visiting New York City. Those staying at the property have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Grand Central New York 7.4 Good 109 East 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Midtown Manhattan, Grand Hyatt New York provides 4-star accommodation and valet parking, a rooftop terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is set amongst a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Pod 39 8.0 Excellent 145 East 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated within a short walk from Chrysler Building and with easy access to New York City's public transport links, this hotel provides free Wi-Fi access along with air conditioned rooms. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,485 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.3Couples 7.4Friends 7.9Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central All photos (36) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (3) Buffet (3) Building (2) Where is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Most Popular Landmarks Chrysler Building0.3 km Grand Central Terminal0.5 km Bryant Park0.9 km Empire State Building1.2 km Times Square1.4 km Broadway1.5 km Getting Around New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.2 km New York 373 East 42nd St0.3 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.5 km New York 1st Ave btwn E 38th and E 39th St0.5 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.7 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.8 km FAQs when booking at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Is pricing at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 583/night, but on average, Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central is available for 53% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central for C$ 371/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 20.4 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central. The average expected drive time from Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central during their stay. How close is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central from the New York city center? Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central is just 0.5 km away from the center of Murray Hill, New York. From Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central please call +1 212 897 3385. Does Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 371 per night to stay at Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 129 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central have a laundry service? Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central from Rockefeller Center? Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central is a walkable distance (1.1 km) from Rockefeller Center, New York. Is Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central close to Times Square? 1.4 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hampton Inn Manhattan Grand Central Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
