https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hampton_Inn_Manhattan_Seaport_Financial_District.htm
Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Hotel 320 Pearl Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 1,111 reviews 8.0 C$ 185 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, meeting rooms and valet parking. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.5 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 13.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 571 4400 All policies Amenities at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Moxy Nyc Downtown 8.4 Excellent 26 Ann Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It is close to New York City Hall, shops and nightlife options. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel New York Wall Street 6.6 Good 52 William Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It is steps from Wall Street, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott New York Downtown Manhattan/World Trade Center Area 8.6 Excellent 170 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Wall Street and New York Stock Exchange. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,111 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 8.0Friends 7.8Couples 8.1Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District All photos (24) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (3) Buffet (3) Building (2) Where is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Most Popular Landmarks Wall Street0.8 km One World Trade Center1.0 km Battery Park1.4 km Citi Field14.2 km Yankee Stadium14.9 km Williamsburg Bridge2.5 km Getting Around New York 28th & Madison0.5 km New York Lower Manhattan0.7 km New York Wall Street0.7 km New York Broadway & Reade St0.7 km New York 87 Division St0.9 km New York 47 Chrystie St1.0 km FAQs when booking at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Is pricing at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 583. The expected nightly rate for Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District is around C$ 327; a price that is 59% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in New York. How close is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 20.3 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District during their stay. How close is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District from the New York city center? Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District is 0.5 km away from the center of Two Bridges, New York. Consider visiting Rockefeller Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District by various forms of transportation. What is the Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District phone number? The best way to contact Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District is by calling +1 212 571 4400. Does Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District? The standard check-out time at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 327 per night to stay at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 120 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District? Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District does have a restaurant. Does Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District from Union Square? You can walk to Union Square while staying at Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District close to Wall Street? 0.8 km - making Wall Street a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
