https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hampton_Inn_Suites_Charlottetown.htm
Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Hotel 300 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 498 reviews 8.8 C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown offers a comfortable setting while in Charlottetown. It provides free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and meeting rooms. There are a range of facilities on offer to g... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.0 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 368 3551 All policies Amenities at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Shampoo Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Snack bar Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Bottle of water Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Pool towels Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Holiday Inn Express & Suites Charlottetown, An IHG Hotel 8.2 Excellent 200 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Charlottetown provides an award-winning setting while in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Banbridge Inn 105 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Banbridge Inn provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 554 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Royalty 7.7 Good 14 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Rodd Royalty provides a comfortable setting while in Charlottetown. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and water slides. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Glendenning Hall 9.4 Excellent 331 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Glendenning Hall at Holland College is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as Province House. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 498 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 8.9Couples 8.7Solo 8.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown All photos (41) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (10) Conference room (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Most Popular Landmarks Prince Edward Island National Park18.5 km PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation4.1 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum4.7 km FAQs when booking at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown How close is Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? With no traffic, the 4.1 km drive between Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown and Charlottetown Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 03m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown? For the most freedom while visiting Charlottetown, consider renting a car for about C$ 59/day and parking it at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown? Yes, Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown from the Charlottetown city center? Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown is 4.0 km away from Charlottetown. Consider visiting Confederation Centre of the Arts, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown by various forms of transportation. What is the Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown phone number? The best way to contact Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown is by calling +1 902 368 3551. Does Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown? Yes, there is a gym available to Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown? Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown, Charlottetown? On average, guests have been paying C$ 180 per night to stay at Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 139 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown have a laundry service? Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Hampton Inn & Suites Charlottetown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
