https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hansar_Bangkok.htm
Hansar Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Hansar Bangkok Hansar Bangkok Hotel 3 Soi Mahadlekluang 2, Rajdamri Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 511 reviews 8.6 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hansar Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hansar Bangkok Hansar Bangkok provides 5-star accommodation in Bangkok. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Erawan Shrine. Hansar trea... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 23.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 209 1234 All policies Amenities at Hansar Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Dining room Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hansar Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Hansar Bangkok Courtyard by Marriott Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 155/1 Soi Mahadlekluang 1, Ratchadamri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Contemporary and relaxed, Courtyard by Marriott Bangkok is situated in Bangkok and provides an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Ratchadamri Bangkok 8.7 Excellent 153/2 Mahatlek Luang 1, Ratchadamri Rd, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This modern Bangkok hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Chit Lom BTS Station. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Mayfair, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.8 Excellent Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting a rooftop terrace and a rooftop pool, Mayfair Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments is an ideal place to stay for guests seeking a little luxury, plus provides views of Bangkok. It is situated in Siam and has easy access to public transport, with BTS Phloen Chit Station within walking distance. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Indigo Bangkok Wireless Road 9.0 Excellent 81 Wireless Road, Lumpini Pathumwan, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Hotel Indigo Bangkok Wireless Road has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Bangkok. It also has an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hansar Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 511 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.0Families 8.7Solo 8.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date N 8.9 Great nasir , Sep. 2019 perfect for couples Photos of Hansar Bangkok All photos (30) Other (6) Bedroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Hansar Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Central World Plaza0.4 km Centralworld0.8 km Siam Square0.9 km MBK Center1.3 km Pratunam1.3 km Silom Complex1.5 km Getting Around Bangkok Ratchadamri Bts0.2 km Bangkok Chit Lom Bts0.5 km Bangkok Phloen Chit Bts0.9 km Bangkok Siam Bts0.9 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi1.3 km Bangkok Silom Mrt Station / Lumphini Park1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hansar Bangkok Is pricing at Hansar Bangkok comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? Hansar Bangkok is generally less than the average price of 5 stars hotels in Bangkok. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 203 per night in Bangkok. Hansar Bangkok will run you C$ 210 per night, which is 23% cheaper than the Bangkok average. How close is Hansar Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At just 20.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to Hansar Bangkok is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Hansar Bangkok? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Hansar Bangkok can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Hansar Bangkok has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hansar Bangkok? Yes, Hansar Bangkok has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hansar Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Hansar Bangkok is 0.6 km away from the center of Lumphini, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hansar Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the Hansar Bangkok phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hansar Bangkok at +66 2 209 1234. Does Hansar Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hansar Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hansar Bangkok? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hansar Bangkok. What is the check-out time at Hansar Bangkok? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hansar Bangkok. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hansar Bangkok, Bangkok? Prices at Hansar Bangkok will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 210, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 102. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hansar Bangkok? Hansar Bangkok does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hansar Bangkok have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hansar Bangkok. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hansar Bangkok from Victory Monument? Hansar Bangkok is about 2.8 km from Victory Monument, one of Bangkok’s most popular landmarks. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Hansar Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
