https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Harborside_Inn_Boston.htm
Harborside Inn, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Harborside Inn Harborside Inn Hotel 185 State Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 2,094 reviews 8.2 C$ 161 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Harborside Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Harborside Inn Conveniently situated, Harborside Inn Boston offers easy access to Boston's best tourist attractions. It also provides free wireless internet. This charming hotel offers a range of facilities... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 3.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 723 7500 All policies Amenities at Harborside Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Inner courtyard view Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned CD player Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Outdoor furniture City view Trash cans TV Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Casino Cycling Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Grocery deliveries Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Harborside Inn Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Harborside Inn Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall 8.2 Excellent 89 Broad Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall provides modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from South Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals The Bostonian Boston 7.9 Good 26 North Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre and a five-minute walk from Old State House, The Bostonian Boston provides comfort, convenience and quality service. The hotel also offers a unique viewing point for Faneuil Hall, Boston and Quincy Market. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Bricco Suites 8.6 Excellent 241 Hanover Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Bricco Suites provides a comfortable setting when in Boston. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 677 Avg. per night View Deals Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston 8.2 Excellent 161 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, just a short walk from South Station, Club Quarters Hotel in Boston offers 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Harborside Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 2,094 verified guest reviews 8.3Couples 8.0Solo 8.2Friends 8.2Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Harborside Inn All photos (30) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (4) Other (4) Lounge (4) Where is Harborside Inn Most Popular Landmarks Quincy Market0.2 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace0.2 km TD Garden1.1 km Boston Common1.1 km Copley Place2.5 km Prudential Center2.8 km Getting Around Boston Surface Artery at North St0.3 km Boston TWS0.4 km Boston South Station0.9 km Boston State House0.9 km Boston 85 Bedford St0.9 km Boston North1.0 km FAQs when booking at Harborside Inn Is pricing at Harborside Inn comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? Nightly rates at Harborside Inn will generally be 55% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Boston. When staying at Harborside Inn, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 194/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Boston for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Harborside Inn to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? At 3.7 km away, Boston Logan Intl Airport is the closest airport to Harborside Inn. The average expected drive time from Harborside Inn to Boston Logan Intl Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Harborside Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Boston, consider renting a car for about C$ 60/day and parking it at Harborside Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Harborside Inn from the Boston city center? Harborside Inn is 0.2 km away from the center of Waterfront, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Fine Arts, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Harborside Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Harborside Inn phone number? You can reach the front desk of Harborside Inn at +1 617 723 7500. Does Harborside Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Harborside Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Harborside Inn? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Harborside Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Harborside Inn, Boston? Harborside Inn room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 194/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 70/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Harborside Inn? Harborside Inn does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Harborside Inn have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Harborside Inn, Boston. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Harborside Inn from Museum of Science? The popular Museum of Science is just over 1.7 km from Harborside Inn. Is Harborside Inn close to New England Aquarium? Harborside Inn is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit New England Aquarium, which is 0.3 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Harborside Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
