https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HCC_St_Moritz.htm
Hcc St. Moritz, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hcc St. Moritz Hcc St. Moritz Hotel Diputacio 262-264, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 948 reviews 8.6 C$ 123 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hcc St. Moritz Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hcc St. Moritz Set in Barcelona City Centre, this 4-star hotel is moments from the Casa Batllo. It is situated a short stroll from La Rambla, Placa de Catalunya and Passeig de Gracia. HCC St Moritz offers g... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 12.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 934 121 500 All policies Amenities at Hcc St. Moritz Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Garage Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet paper Safe Outdoor furniture Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Hcc St. Moritz Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Hcc St. Moritz Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It is located a brief stroll from Gran Via, Placa de Catalunya and University of Barcelona. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Indigo Barcelona - Plaza Catalunya 8.0 Excellent Gran Via de Las Corts Catalanes, 629, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Acta Atrium Palace 8.2 Excellent Gran Via Corts Catalanes 656, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also features a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Catalonia Eixample 1864 8.3 Excellent Roger De Llúria 60, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hcc St. Moritz 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 948 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.6Couples 8.2Solo 8.7Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hcc St. Moritz All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (7) Restaurant (7) Conference room (6) Where is Hcc St. Moritz Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.4 km La Rambla1.0 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.0 km Palau Guell1.4 km Sagrada Familia1.5 km Sant Pau del Camp1.6 km Getting Around Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.3 km Barcelona Llúria - Urquinaona0.4 km Barcelona0.4 km Barcelona Rda. de St. Pere0.5 km Barcelona Girona0.5 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.6 km FAQs when booking at Hcc St. Moritz Is pricing at Hcc St. Moritz comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? Nightly rates at Hcc St. Moritz will generally be 36% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Barcelona. When staying at Hcc St. Moritz, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 148/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Barcelona for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Hcc St. Moritz to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With no traffic, the 12.6 km drive between Hcc St. Moritz and Barcelona-El Prat Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hcc St. Moritz? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at Hcc St. Moritz where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hcc St. Moritz from the Barcelona city center? Hcc St. Moritz is just 0.3 km away from the center of Eixample, Barcelona. From Hcc St. Moritz you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Hcc St. Moritz phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 934 121 500. Does Hcc St. Moritz have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hcc St. Moritz has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hcc St. Moritz? Hcc St. Moritz check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hcc St. Moritz, Barcelona? Prices at Hcc St. Moritz will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 148, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 96. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hcc St. Moritz? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hcc St. Moritz for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hcc St. Moritz have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hcc St. Moritz that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Hcc St. Moritz from Placa d'Espanya? Placa d'Espanya in Barcelona is 2.4 km away from Hcc St. Moritz. Is Hcc St. Moritz close to Passeig de Gracia? Hcc St. Moritz is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Passeig de Gracia, which is 0.4 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hcc St. Moritz Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
