https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HF_Fenix_Lisboa.htm
Hf Fenix Lisboa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hf Fenix Lisboa Hf Fenix Lisboa Hotel Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,762 reviews 8.2 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hf Fenix Lisboa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hf Fenix Lisboa Located near local attractions, HF Fenix Lisboa showcases views of Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Marques of Pombal Metro Station. This 4-star hotel provides a 2... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 5.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 716 677 All policies Amenities at Hf Fenix Lisboa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Room service Hardwood or parquet floors Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hf Fenix Lisboa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hf Fenix Lisboa Hf Fenix Garden 8.6 Excellent Rua Joaquim Antonio de Aguiar, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel HF Fenix Garden is located amongst Lisbon's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short walk from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Hf Fenix Music 8.7 Excellent Rua Joaquim António de Aguiar, 5, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated amongst well-known attractions, boutiques and eateries, HF Fenix Music is ideal for guests wanting to discover Lisbon and its surroundings. The multiple facilities this themed hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and room service. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Florida 7.8 Good Rua Duque De Palmela 34, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Bairro Alto, Hotel Florida Lisbon provides luxury accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Heart Apartments Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station, Lisbon Heart Apartments is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hf Fenix Lisboa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,762 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 7.9Solo 8.1Friends 8.2Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hf Fenix Lisboa All photos (49) Bedroom (23) Lounge (5) Bathroom (3) Conference room (3) Where is Hf Fenix Lisboa Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.8 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.4 km Chiado Museum1.8 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.8 km Castelo de São Jorge1.9 km Sé de Lisboa2.3 km Getting Around Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.0 km Lisbon Picoas0.7 km Lisbon Avenida0.7 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria1.0 km Lisbon Saldanha1.1 km Lisbon Restauradores1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hf Fenix Lisboa Is pricing at Hf Fenix Lisboa comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? Hf Fenix Lisboa is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Lisbon. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 179 per night in Lisbon. Hf Fenix Lisboa will run you C$ 125 per night, which is 49% cheaper than the Lisbon average. How close is Hf Fenix Lisboa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 5.8 km drive between Hf Fenix Lisboa and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 04m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hf Fenix Lisboa? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hf Fenix Lisboa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Hf Fenix Lisboa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hf Fenix Lisboa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Hf Fenix Lisboa from the Lisbon city center? Hf Fenix Lisboa is just 0.4 km away from the center of Santo António, Lisbon. From Hf Fenix Lisboa you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Estádio José Alvalade. What is the Hf Fenix Lisboa phone number? The best way to contact Hf Fenix Lisboa is by calling +351 213 716 677. Does Hf Fenix Lisboa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hf Fenix Lisboa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hf Fenix Lisboa? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hf Fenix Lisboa, Lisbon? Prices at Hf Fenix Lisboa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 125, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 85. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hf Fenix Lisboa? Hf Fenix Lisboa does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Hf Fenix Lisboa have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hf Fenix Lisboa. How far is Hf Fenix Lisboa from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Hf Fenix Lisboa - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Hf Fenix Lisboa close to Chiado Museum? 1.8 km - making Chiado Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hf Fenix Lisboa. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hf Fenix Lisboa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
