https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_Boston_Hostel.htm
Hi Boston Hostel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Hi Boston Hostel Hi Boston Hostel Hostel 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 3,017 reviews 8.3 C$ 54 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hi Boston Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hi Boston Hostel HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. The hostel provi... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 4.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 536 9455 All policies Amenities at Hi Boston Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Smartphone dock Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Pool table Services Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hi Boston Hostel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Hi Boston Hostel Courtyard by Marriott Boston Downtown 7.8 Good 275 Tremont Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute stroll from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, Courtyard Boston Downtown offers guests a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Boston Downtown 7.8 Good 821 Washington Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Boston and is a short stroll from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of South Station, The Ritz-Carlton Boston is a convenient base when in Boston. This sophisticated hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Harmony Medical Suites China Town 7.8 Good Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boston Medical Suites ChinaTown is set in Boston and is a short walk from South Station. It also provides a business centre, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 317 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hi Boston Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 3,017 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.3Solo 8.1Couples 8.3Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hi Boston Hostel All photos (29) Bedroom (9) Other (7) Restaurant (5) Building (2) Where is Hi Boston Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Boston Common0.5 km Quincy Market1.2 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace1.2 km Copley Place1.3 km Prudential Center1.6 km TD Garden1.7 km Getting Around Boston 84 Harrison Ave0.2 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave0.3 km Boston 85 Bedford St0.4 km Boston Park Plaza0.4 km Boston South Station0.7 km Boston State House0.7 km FAQs when booking at Hi Boston Hostel Is pricing at Hi Boston Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Boston? Hi Boston Hostel is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Boston. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 123 per night in Boston. Hi Boston Hostel will run you C$ 77 per night, which is 54% cheaper than the Boston average. How close is Hi Boston Hostel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Hi Boston Hostel is 4.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Hi Boston Hostel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hi Boston Hostel from the Boston city center? Hi Boston Hostel is 0.3 km away from the center of Chinatown, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Fine Arts, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hi Boston Hostel by various forms of transportation. What is the Hi Boston Hostel phone number? The best way to contact Hi Boston Hostel is by calling +1 617 536 9455. Does Hi Boston Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hi Boston Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hi Boston Hostel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hi Boston Hostel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hi Boston Hostel, Boston? A good deal at Hi Boston Hostel right now is between C$ 45 and C$ 77 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Hi Boston Hostel have a laundry service? Hi Boston Hostel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hi Boston Hostel from Museum of Science? Museum of Science in Boston is 1.9 km away from Hi Boston Hostel. Is Hi Boston Hostel close to New England Aquarium? If you want to see New England Aquarium while visiting Boston, Hi Boston Hostel is just 1.4 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Hi Boston Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
