https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_Calgary_City_Centre_Hostel.htm
Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Hostel 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 564 reviews 8.2 C$ 41 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. Luggage storage, a wake-up service and bicycle ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.2 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 269 8239 All policies Amenities at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Reading light Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared bathroom Garden view Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized City view Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Cycling Pool table Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 254 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Downtown 8.1 Excellent Suite A-711 4th St SE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Downtown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is ideally located for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Calgary Downtown 8.6 Excellent 209 4th Avenue SE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Calgary, Delta Hotels Calgary Downtown provides stylish, 3-star accommodation close to The Bow. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Calgary 8.7 Excellent 700 Centre Street Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Hyatt Regency Calgary is located in Calgary and provides modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 110 9th Avenue SE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southeast Station, Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calgary. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 564 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.1Couples 8.3Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel All photos (29) Bedroom (10) Balcony (3) Lounge (3) Building (2) Where is Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Fort Calgary Historic Park0.5 km Olympic Plaza0.5 km Fort Calgary0.6 km Calgary Tower0.8 km Scotiabank Saddledome1.0 km Stampede Corral Arena1.0 km Getting Around Calgary Hilton Garden Inn0.1 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne0.5 km Calgary 205 9 Ave SE0.6 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station10.3 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino11.8 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills17.9 km FAQs when booking at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel How close is Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? At just 9.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel is 0h 07m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel? Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Calgary, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Calgary Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel from the Calgary city center? Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel is just 0.9 km away from the center of Chinatown, Calgary. From Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as McMahon Stadium. What is the Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel please call +1 403 269 8239. Does Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel, Calgary? Prices at Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 100, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 37. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel from Calgary Tower? The popular Calgary Tower is just over 0.8 km from Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel. Is Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel close to Stampede Park? 1.1 km - making Stampede Park a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
