https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_NYC_Hostel.htm
Hi Nyc Hostel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hi Nyc Hostel Hi Nyc Hostel Hostel 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 8,296 reviews 8.3 C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hi Nyc Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hi Nyc Hostel Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. This historic hostel offers a coffee bar, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.0 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 932 2300 All policies Amenities at Hi Nyc Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Trash cans Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Privacy curtain Vending machine (snacks) Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Indoor play area Pool table Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Hi Nyc Hostel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hi Nyc Hostel Morningside Inn 235 West 107th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Morningside Inn is situated in New York City and is a short walk from Cathedral Parkway-110th Street IND Eighth Avenue Line Station. A short walk from Schinasi Mansion, it provides cosy rooms equipped with wireless internet access. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Park Hotel 258 West 97th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is a 10-minute walk to the New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players and Smoke and Supper Club-Lounge. It also offers a kids club, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hudson New York 358 West 58th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. It is situated a brief walk from Broadway, the New York City Center and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. C$ 602 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Canal Loft Hotel 6.9 Good 94 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pennsylvania 401 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Hotel Pennsylvania is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Featuring views of Madison Square Garden, it also offers a variety of amenities, including an express check-in and check-out feature, a ballroom and an indoor pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hi Nyc Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 8,296 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 8.1Friends 8.2Couples 8.3Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hi Nyc Hostel All photos (24) Other (8) Bedroom (4) Patio (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Hi Nyc Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Central Park1.7 km One World Trade Center10.3 km Wall Street10.8 km Citi Field11.2 km Battery Park11.4 km Carnegie Hall3.9 km Getting Around New York Central Park Station1.7 km New York New York Gourmet Deli1.8 km New York 28th & Madison10.1 km New York Lower Manhattan10.6 km New York Wall Street10.9 km New York Greenwich St & Battery Place11.1 km FAQs when booking at Hi Nyc Hostel Is pricing at Hi Nyc Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in New York? The average rate for a night at Hi Nyc Hostel is 51% less than the New York average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hi Nyc Hostel is typically C$ 280, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in New York. How close is Hi Nyc Hostel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hi Nyc Hostel is 23.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hi Nyc Hostel? Hi Nyc Hostel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hi Nyc Hostel from the New York city center? Hi Nyc Hostel is just 1.2 km away from the center of Morningside Heights, New York. From Hi Nyc Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rockefeller Center. What is the Hi Nyc Hostel phone number? The best way to contact Hi Nyc Hostel is by calling +1 212 932 2300. Does Hi Nyc Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hi Nyc Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hi Nyc Hostel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hi Nyc Hostel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hi Nyc Hostel, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 280 per night to stay at Hi Nyc Hostel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 44 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hi Nyc Hostel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hi Nyc Hostel. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hi Nyc Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
