https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_Vancouver_Central.htm
HI Vancouver Central, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 HI Vancouver Central HI Vancouver Central Hotel 1025 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada C$ 604 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for HI Vancouver Central Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About HI Vancouver Central Situated in the heart of the city, HI Vancouver Central provides easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. There are a ran... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 778 328 2220 All policies Amenities at HI Vancouver Central Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available All amenities Hotels Similar to HI Vancouver Central Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to HI Vancouver Central Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Level Vancouver - Yaletown Seymour 8.6 Excellent 1022 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, LEVEL Furnished Living Yaletown-Seymour provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre 8.0 Excellent 1100 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It is close to Contemporary Art Gallery, shops and nightlife options. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good 1110 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as an indoor pool, body treatments and a sauna. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Manor Guest House West 13Th Avenue 345, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located in Vancouver, The Manor Guest House Vancouver is an easy drive from Granville Street and Stanley Park. It is close to Vancouver City Hall, eateries and shops. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of HI Vancouver Central All photos (9) Bedroom (6) Kitchen (1) Living room (1) Restaurant (1) Where is HI Vancouver Central Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km BC Place Stadium0.9 km Rogers Arena1.1 km Granville Island Public Market1.1 km False Creek1.1 km Waterfront Centre1.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.8 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.8 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.1 km FAQs when booking at HI Vancouver Central How close is HI Vancouver Central to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With a distance of 1.4 km between HI Vancouver Central and the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to HI Vancouver Central? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for HI Vancouver Central guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. How close is HI Vancouver Central from the Vancouver city center? The center of Yaletown, Vancouver, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of HI Vancouver Central. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from HI Vancouver Central using any means of transportation. What is the HI Vancouver Central phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 778 328 2220 to talk to a HI Vancouver Central front desk representative. Does HI Vancouver Central have Wi-Fi available? Yes, HI Vancouver Central has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at HI Vancouver Central? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at HI Vancouver Central. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Does HI Vancouver Central have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at HI Vancouver Central that can be used by guests. How far is HI Vancouver Central from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 1.6 km away from HI Vancouver Central. Is HI Vancouver Central close to Rogers Arena? If you want to see Rogers Arena while visiting Vancouver, HI Vancouver Central is just 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 HI Vancouver Central Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
