https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_Whistler.htm
Hi Whistler, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Hi Whistler Hi Whistler - Hostel Hostel 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada GoodBased on 830 reviews 7.8 C$ 50 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hi Whistler Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hi Whistler HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. HI Whi... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.8 km Rating 7.8 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 962 0025 All policies Amenities at Hi Whistler Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Cribs available Grill Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Mountain view Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fishing Board games/puzzles Game room Canoeing Cycling Skiing Evening entertainment Tennis Kids' outdoor play equipment Pool table Show more Services Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Hi Whistler Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Hi Whistler Nita Lake Lodge 8.8 Excellent 2131 Lake Placid Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Nita Lake Lodge is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star hotel include a free shuttle service, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals Newly Renovated Whistler Studio 8.3 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Located just a brief walk from Whistler Railway Station, the property offers guests a convenient base while visiting Whistler. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Lake Placid Lodge By Whistler Retreats 8.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel The vacation rental is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Alpine Chalet Retreat & Wellness Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 5.7 km from current hotel This Whistler property is located right next to Whistler Blackcomb. It also provides a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and massage services. C$ 4,182 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub 8.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub provides a comfortable setting when in Whistler. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hi Whistler 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 830 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 7.7Families 8.3Solo 7.8Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hi Whistler All photos (19) Bedroom (5) Other (4) Balcony (2) Building (1) Where is Hi Whistler Most Popular Landmarks Garibaldi Provincial Park23.8 km Nita Lake4.0 km Whistler Mountain6.5 km Whistler Golf Club7.0 km Whistler Marketplace7.5 km Whistler Blackcomb7.6 km Getting Around Whistler Village4.1 km Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal7.3 km FAQs when booking at Hi Whistler Is pricing at Hi Whistler - Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Whistler? Hotels in Whistler that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 183/night, but on average, Hi Whistler - Hostel is available for 34% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hi Whistler - Hostel for C$ 162/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Whistler. What is the Hi Whistler - Hostel phone number? The best way to contact Hi Whistler - Hostel is by calling +1 604 962 0025. Does Hi Whistler - Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hi Whistler - Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hi Whistler - Hostel? Hi Whistler - Hostel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hi Whistler - Hostel, Whistler? On average, guests have been paying C$ 162 per night to stay at Hi Whistler - Hostel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 41 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hi Whistler - Hostel have a laundry service? Hi Whistler - Hostel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Hi Whistler Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
