https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HI_Toronto_Hostel.htm
Hi-Toronto Hostel, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Hi-Toronto Hostel Hi-Toronto Hostel Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 41 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hi-Toronto Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hi-Toronto Hostel Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. This charming hostel pr... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 971 4440 All policies Amenities at Hi-Toronto Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Breakfast included Express check-out Terrace/Patio Cable or satellite TV Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Pool table Services Ticket service Business centre All amenities Hotels Similar to Hi-Toronto Hostel Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 589 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 562 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Hi-Toronto Hostel The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Toronto Downtown 8.1 Excellent 111 Lombard Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is ideally located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Cambridge Suites Toronto 8.8 Excellent 15 Richmond Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Cambridge Suites Toronto provides easy access to Toronto's main retail and sightseeing areas. Guests also have exclusive access to the Glassworks Gym and Spa and Glassworks Gym and Spa. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto 7.8 Good 8 Colborne Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Established in 2005 and located in Toronto, Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto offers ski in/out facilities, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool, as well as views of Financial District. This unique hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Planet Traveler Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 172 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Hi-Toronto Hostel All photos (14) Bedroom (7) Bar (3) Kitchen (1) Lobby (1) Where is Hi-Toronto Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.4 km Massey Hall0.5 km Toronto Eaton Centre0.6 km Union Station0.8 km Scotiabank Arena0.9 km Distillery District1.2 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station0.8 km Toronto Union - Bus1.0 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.3 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.1 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.2 km Toronto Weston12.4 km FAQs when booking at Hi-Toronto Hostel How close is Hi-Toronto Hostel to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At just 19.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to Hi-Toronto Hostel is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hi-Toronto Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hi-Toronto Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is Hi-Toronto Hostel from the Toronto city center? Hi-Toronto Hostel is just 0.5 km away from the center of Downtown, Toronto. From Hi-Toronto Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as CN Tower. What is the Hi-Toronto Hostel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hi-Toronto Hostel at +1 416 971 4440. Does Hi-Toronto Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hi-Toronto Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hi-Toronto Hostel? Hi-Toronto Hostel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Is there a restaurant at Hi-Toronto Hostel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hi-Toronto Hostel, Toronto. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Hi-Toronto Hostel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hi-Toronto Hostel that can be used by guests. How far is Hi-Toronto Hostel from Rogers Centre? You can walk to Rogers Centre while staying at Hi-Toronto Hostel - you’ll be about 1.6 km away. Is Hi-Toronto Hostel close to Royal Ontario Museum? Walking distance - there’s 2.5 km between Royal Ontario Museum and Hi-Toronto Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Hi-Toronto Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
