https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/High_Country_Inn_Banff.htm
High Country Inn, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 High Country Inn High Country Inn Hotel 419 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,613 reviews 8.6 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for High Country Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About High Country Inn Situated in Banff, High Country Inn Banff is an easy drive from Canmore and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, w... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2236 All policies Amenities at High Country Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Solarium Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Skiing Horse riding Pay-per-view channels Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ski storage Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to High Country Inn Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 490 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to High Country Inn Red Carpet Inn 7.7 Good 425 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Red Carpet Inn Banff is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is ideal for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Irwin's Mountain Inn 7.8 Good 429 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast 8.0 Excellent 437 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable setting while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for High Country Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,613 verified guest reviews 8.5Couples 8.6Families 8.4Solo 8.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of High Country Inn All photos (25) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (5) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Where is High Country Inn Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.9 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.2 km Sunshine Village15.3 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.3 km Upper Hot Springs3.4 km Mount Norquay5.1 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.0 km Banff Banff, Ab0.6 km Banff Mount Royal0.6 km Banff Banff Ave0.9 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.9 km Banff Ywca1.1 km FAQs when booking at High Country Inn Is pricing at High Country Inn comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? The average rate for a night at High Country Inn is 30% less than the Banff average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at High Country Inn is typically C$ 173, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Banff. Is High Country Inn considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at High Country Inn are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at High Country Inn? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Banff often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at High Country Inn for pool rules and guidelines. What is the High Country Inn phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at High Country Inn please call +1 403 762 2236. Does High Country Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, High Country Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at High Country Inn? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at High Country Inn, Banff? A good deal at High Country Inn right now is between C$ 88 and C$ 173 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at High Country Inn? Yes, food can be ordered from the High Country Inn restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does High Country Inn have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at High Country Inn. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is High Country Inn from Banff Park Museum? High Country Inn is about 0.9 km from Banff Park Museum, one of Banff’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 High Country Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
