https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hillside_Bungalows.htm
Hillside Bungalows, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Hillside Bungalows Hillside Bungalows Holiday Park Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 65 reviews 9.0 C$ 141 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hillside Bungalows Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hillside Bungalows Situated in Banff, Hillside Bungalows is an easy drive from Canmore and provides free Wi-Fi, a BBQ/picnic area and a laundry service. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 9.0 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Hillside Bungalows Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Quiet street view Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Fireplace Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Soundproofing Landmark view Stovetop Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Mountain view Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Outdoor furniture Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Free parking Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Private entrance Show more Activities Hiking Books, DVDs, music for children Streaming service Services Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Hillside Bungalows Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Hillside Bungalows Banff Inn 8.2 Excellent 501 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Charltons Banff 7.7 Good 513 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this cosy hotel is the perfect base for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hillside Bungalows 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 65 verified guest reviews 10.0Solo 7.7Friends 8.9Families 9.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Hillside Bungalows Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.1 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.4 km Sunshine Village15.7 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.0 km Upper Hot Springs3.5 km Mount Norquay5.4 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.3 km Banff Banff Ave0.6 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.6 km Banff Banff, Ab0.9 km Banff Mount Royal0.9 km Banff Ywca1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hillside Bungalows Is Hillside Bungalows considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Hillside Bungalows are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Does Hillside Bungalows have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hillside Bungalows has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hillside Bungalows? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hillside Bungalows. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hillside Bungalows, Banff? Prices at Hillside Bungalows will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 130, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 128. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Hillside Bungalows have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hillside Bungalows, Banff. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Hillside Bungalows from Banff Park Museum? Hillside Bungalows is a walkable distance (1.1 km) from Banff Park Museum, Banff. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Hillside Bungalows Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
