https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Garden_Inn_Calgary_Airport.htm
Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Hotel 2335 Pegasus Road Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 185 reviews 8.2 C$ 124 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Conveniently located minutes from Calgary International Airport, the hotel provides comfortable accommodation in Calgary. It also offers an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. This 3-star hot... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.8 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 3.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 717 1999 All policies Amenities at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Golf Bingo Fitness centre Mini-golf Bowling Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 247 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Sandman Hotel Calgary Airport 7.3 Good 25 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, this Calgary hotel is conveniently located moments from Calgary International Airport. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Calgary Airport 8.5 Excellent 2500 48th Avenue Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna and an indoor pool, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated moments from Calgary International Airport. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a free shuttle service. C$ 144 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Port O'Call Hotel 8.2 Excellent 1935 Mcknight Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, this Calgary hotel is conveniently located moments from Calgary International Airport. It also provides water slides, free Wi-Fi and a plunge pool. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 45 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 144 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown 8.5 Excellent 239 12th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southwest/4 Street Southwest Station, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calgary. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 185 verified guest reviews 8.8Solo 7.5Friends 8.2Couples 8.0Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date J 7.9 Good jans , Feb. 2019 Based on our previous stay, we thought it would be a good idea to repeat our experience. not necessarily a good idea as the room was cold and drafty. We actually felt the wind coming through the window which filtered down the wall to the floor. Thankfully, our room had two beds so we had an option to sleep in the one furthest from the window. and, we cranked the heat to compensate for the drafty window. Upon checking out, it was suggested this matter would be looked at. Can’t say the comment made will actually be addressed but we feel it was said to express concern. Photos of Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport All photos (52) Bedroom (9) Lobby (8) Restaurant (5) Buffet (4) Where is Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Most Popular Landmarks Market Mall10.6 km Chinook Centre11.9 km Heritage Park Historical Village14.1 km Bowness Park14.8 km Canada Olympic Park14.8 km South Glenmore Park15.5 km Getting Around Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station1.9 km Calgary Westbrook Mall11.0 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills12.1 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino16.2 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station16.3 km Calgary North Ticket Office - 304 35 Ave Ne3.8 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport How close is Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport is 3.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Calgary, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Calgary can always take the shuttle from Calgary Airport which is provided by Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. Is there a pool at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport? Yes. Many people visiting Calgary look for a hotel with a pool. Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport from the Calgary city center? Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport is 5.2 km away from the center of Bridgeland/Riverside, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport please call +1 403 717 1999. Does Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport? Yes, Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport, Calgary? C$ 85 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport, with average deals around C$ 132 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport, Calgary. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Hilton Garden Inn Calgary Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
