https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Toronto.htm
Hilton Toronto, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Hilton Toronto Hilton Toronto Hotel 145 Richmond Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 872 reviews 7.6 C$ 246 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Toronto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Toronto Conveniently situated, Hilton Toronto allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property have access to a sauna, a swimming pool and an indoor pool. Hil... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 19.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 869 3456 All policies Amenities at Hilton Toronto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Toronto Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Hilton Toronto Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel 7.9 Good 123 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The hotel provides modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Strathcona Hotel 1.3 Poor 60 York Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally located, The Strathcona Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is also situated five minutes on foot from Toronto-Dominion Centre, and provides a convenient shuttle service. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown 7.5 Good 108 Chestnut Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This 4-star hotel provides modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Marriott Downtown at CF Toronto Eaton Centre 8.4 Excellent 525 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in lively Downtown Toronto, just five minutes from Toronto Coach Terminal, the hotel provides a rooftop pool, outdoor tennis courts and indoor tennis courts. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Toronto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 872 verified guest reviews 7.3Families 7.8Friends 7.4Solo 7.7Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date V 8.7 Great Vincent Weonseon), Jul. 2018 1. During breakfast buffet, I felt your staffs were pushing me eat quickly! Food was not bad, but my wife and I were not in good condition because of your staff's behaviour. 2. My wife got so nervous because your door men were not kind. They pinched my wife when she was holding hotel cart not more than 5 mininutes while I was driving my car from parking spot. Y 9.7 Excellent yanghee.ki, Jun. 2018 Breakfast was very good at Tundra Photos of Hilton Toronto All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Conference room (10) Restaurant (7) Living room (6) Where is Hilton Toronto Most Popular Landmarks Toronto Eaton Centre0.6 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.6 km Union Station0.7 km Massey Hall0.7 km CN Tower0.8 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.8 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus0.7 km Toronto Union Station0.7 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.1 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.7 km Toronto Weston11.6 km Toronto Downsview Park13.7 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Toronto Is pricing at Hilton Toronto comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? Nightly rates at Hilton Toronto will generally be 24% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Toronto. When staying at Hilton Toronto, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 299/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Toronto for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Hilton Toronto to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 19 km between Hilton Toronto and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hilton Toronto? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hilton Toronto can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, Hilton Toronto has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hilton Toronto considered pet-friendly? Hilton Toronto welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Hilton Toronto? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Toronto often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Hilton Toronto for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Hilton Toronto from the Toronto city center? Hilton Toronto is just 0.4 km away from the center of Toronto Islands, Toronto. From Hilton Toronto you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as CN Tower. What is the Hilton Toronto phone number? For questions about Hilton Toronto and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 416 869 3456. Does Hilton Toronto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Toronto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Toronto? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hilton Toronto. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hilton Toronto? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hilton Toronto, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Toronto, Toronto? Hilton Toronto room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 299/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 175/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Toronto? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hilton Toronto, Toronto. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hilton Toronto have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hilton Toronto from Rogers Centre? You can walk to Rogers Centre while staying at Hilton Toronto - you’ll be about 1 km away. Is Hilton Toronto close to Royal Ontario Museum? The distance from Hilton Toronto to Royal Ontario Museum is 2.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Hilton Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
