https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Whistler_Resort_Spa.htm
Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Hotel 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada GoodBased on 851 reviews 7.8 C$ 253 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Located in Whistler, Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa provides elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as ski in/out facilities, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 932 1982 All policies Amenities at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Bidet Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Golf Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Outdoor tennis Basketball court Hiking Massage Ice skating Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski equipment rental (on site) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites 8.1 Excellent 4308 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Retreat to the mountains of Canada, where your adventure begins at Delta Hotels Whistler Village Suites. Located in the heart of Whistler Village, BC our hotel places you near the area's top attractions, including boutiques, dining, ski slopes and bike trails. Take advantage of our heated indoor / outdoor pool and 24-hour fitness centre. End your night in Whistler at Hy's Steakhouse, our signature hotel restaurant that offers delicious cuisine and handcrafted cocktails. Relax and reset in spacious pet-friendly hotel suites that include full kitchens, fireplaces, flat-panel TVs, free Wi-Fi and plush bedding. Nearby, plan a conference at Whistler Convention Centre. Regardless of the season, experience an exceptional getaway to Canada at Delta Hotels Whistler Village Suites. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa The Listel Hotel Whistler 8.0 Excellent 4121 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Listel Hotel Whistler is a comfortable setting when visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Adara Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4122 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Adara Hotel is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an outdoor pool, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Lodge 8.5 Excellent 4154 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Crystal Lodge is a unique base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this charming resort features include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Aava Whistler Hotel 7.9 Good 4005 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of well-known tourist hot spots, boutiques and eateries, Aava Whistler Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to explore Whistler and its surroundings. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 851 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.8Families 8.5Solo 7.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Building (8) Living room (7) Other (6) Where is Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.3 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Whistler Marketplace0.7 km Callaghan Valley14.1 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.1 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.3 km Whistler Village3.1 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Is pricing at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa comparable to 4 star hotels in Whistler? The average rate for a night at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is 54% less than the Whistler average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is typically C$ 561, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Whistler. Is Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. Is there a pool at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa? Yes. Many people visiting Whistler look for a hotel with a pool. Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. What is the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa phone number? For questions about Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 932 1982. Does Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, Whistler? C$ 163 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, with average deals around C$ 561 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
