https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Garden_Inn_West_Edmonton.htm
Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Hotel 17610 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 227 reviews 7.6 C$ 127 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Situated in Edmonton, Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton provides vibrant 3-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 443 2233 All policies Amenities at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Safety deposit box Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Indoor pool Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Health club All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Quality Inn West Edmonton 7.6 Good 17803 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, Quality Inn West Edmonton is an easy drive from University Of Alberta and provides on-site parking. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn West 7.5 Good 17610 100 Ave Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Edmonton West offers a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Hotel West Edmonton, Trademark Collection by Wyndham 8.0 Excellent 10010 178 St NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Royal Hotel West Edmonton Trademark Collection by Wyndham is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton 7.7 Good 10010 179a St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and offers an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 227 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 7.2Couples 7.7Solo 7.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton All photos (43) Bedroom (10) Lobby (5) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Where is Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks Commonwealth Stadium10.0 km Northlands Coliseum11.6 km Century Casino13.8 km South Edmonton Common14.1 km Ellerslie Rugby Park14.8 km Summerside Lake17.2 km Getting Around Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South10.4 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites10.8 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.0 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall11.5 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw12.4 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel6.5 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Is pricing at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? Hotels in Edmonton that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 126/night, but on average, Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton is available for 18% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton for C$ 139/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Edmonton. How close is Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 26.1 km drive between Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 20m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton? Yes. Many people visiting Edmonton look for a hotel with a pool. Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton is 9.5 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton by various forms of transportation. What is the Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 780 443 2233 to talk to a Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton front desk representative. Does Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton, Edmonton? Usually Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton room prices are around C$ 139/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 102/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton? There is a restaurant located in Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton have a laundry service? Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton from Galaxyland? Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton is about 2.1 km from Galaxyland, one of Edmonton’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Hilton Garden Inn West Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
