https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Grand_Islander_by_Hilton_Grand_Vacations.htm
Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Resort 2023 Kalia Road, Waikiki, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 56 reviews 8.6 C$ 611 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Situated in Honolulu, The Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 877 651 4482 All policies Amenities at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Executive lounge access Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Bidet Stovetop Body soap Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Smartphone dock Conditioner Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Water slide Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fishing Board games/puzzles Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Fitness centre Horse riding Indoor play area Kids' club Water sport facilities (on site) Hiking Massage Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort 7.6 Good 2005 Kalia Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Commanding panoramic views of Waikiki Beach, a world-class spa and whale watching tours, this impressive 22-acre resort is set moments from Honolulu's tourist hot spots. It boasts an outdoor pool with water slides, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 466 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vacations Club Grand Waikikian Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 1811 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a private beach and a Jacuzzi, Grand Waikikian by Hilton Grand Vacations Club is situated in Honolulu and is a brief stroll from Waikiki Beach. It also offers a kids club, water slides and valet parking. C$ 557 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki 7.9 Good 1830 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki provides a comfortable setting while in Honolulu. It has a gym, as well as outdoor tennis courts, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Aqua Palms Waikiki 7.8 Good 1850 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Aqua Palms Waikiki provides an elegant setting when in Honolulu. It also features a 24-hour business centre, porters and a swimming pool. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 56 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.4Families 9.7Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Living room (10) Bathroom (6) Kitchen (5) Where is Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach1.0 km Kuhio Beach Park1.6 km Honolulu Zoo2.3 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu How close is Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? With a distance of 10.3 km between Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu and the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu? Getting from Honolulu Airport to Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 58/day in Honolulu. Luckily, Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu from the Honolulu city center? Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu is 0.5 km away from the center of Waikiki, Honolulu. Consider visiting Pearl Harbor, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu by various forms of transportation. What is the Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 877 651 4482. Does Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu? Yes, there is a gym available to Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu? The standard check-out time at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu is 10:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu, Honolulu? Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 652/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 429/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu? There is a restaurant located in Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu from Honolulu Museum of Art? Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu is about 2.7 km from Honolulu Museum of Art, one of Honolulu’s most popular landmarks. Is Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu close to Fort DeRussy? Fort DeRussy is also a popular place to see in Honolulu. It is 0.4 km from Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
