https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_London_Metropole.htm
Hilton London Metropole, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Hilton London Metropole Hilton London Metropole Hotel 225 Edgware Road, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 1,268 reviews 7.1 C$ 260 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton London Metropole Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton London Metropole Hilton London Metropole is set in London and is a short walk from Paddington Railway Station. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. This luxury hotel provides a range of ameni... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.8 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 20.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 402 4141 All policies Amenities at Hilton London Metropole Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Kid-friendly Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Interconnected room(s) available Key card access Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services A/V equipment rental Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Key access Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton London Metropole Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Hilton London Metropole OYO London 24 Sussex 6.6 Good 24 Sussex Gardens, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Lancaster Gate Tube Station, OYO London 24 Sussex provides guests with a convenient base when in London. It provides luggage storage and free Wi-Fi, and is a short stroll from Edgware Road and 34 Montagu Square. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton London Paddington 7.3 Good 146 Praed Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in London, Hilton London Paddington is a short drive from Buckingham Palace and Big Ben. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Griffin House Hotel 6.5 Good 10 Connaught Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This affordable hotel is located in Westminster, just a five-minute walk from Edgware Road. It is situated a short walk from the Marble Arch. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Marble Arch Inn 6.9 Good 49/50 Upper Berkeley Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Marble Arch Inn offers modern accommodation in London and is within walking distance of Marble Arch Tube Station. It is situated a short stroll from the Marble Arch and Oxford Street. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton London Metropole 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 1,286 verified guest reviews 7.2Solo 7.4Couples 7.0Families 7.5Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 3.5 Poor Anonymous, Aug. 2019 I did not like the rooms it was very old TV is not working and I did not have hot water for 3 days M 6.8 Okay Mian, Mar. 2019 Rooms r very very small S 8.6 Great Salim, Oct. 2018 Rooms and toilet are old needs renovation. the location is near the metro A 7.3 Good Ahmad, Sep. 2017 lobby & dining facilities are impressive rooms very tight and small , TV channels selection is horrible , no movies or news !!!! housekeeping was good had to carry my own luggage due to bad service and inadequate capabilities, both while checking in & out !!! Photos of Hilton London Metropole All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Restaurant (10) Bathroom (7) Lounge (7) Where is Hilton London Metropole Most Popular Landmarks Hyde Park1.4 km Kensington Gardens1.5 km Oxford Circus2.0 km Harrods2.3 km Piccadilly Circus2.6 km Buckingham Palace2.8 km Getting Around London Marylebone0.6 km London Paddington0.6 km London Baker Street (Gloucester Place)0.7 km London Portman Square0.9 km London Hyde Park0.9 km London Marble Arch1.0 km FAQs when booking at Hilton London Metropole Is pricing at Hilton London Metropole comparable to 4 star hotels in London? There is a 45% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in London and the average nightly rate at Hilton London Metropole. The rate at Hilton London Metropole is just C$ 310/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in London. How close is Hilton London Metropole to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 20.6 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to Hilton London Metropole. The average expected drive time from Hilton London Metropole to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Hilton London Metropole? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hilton London Metropole guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. Is Hilton London Metropole considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hilton London Metropole during their stay. How close is Hilton London Metropole from the London city center? Hilton London Metropole is just 0.5 km away from the center of Paddington, London. From Hilton London Metropole you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Hilton London Metropole phone number? The best way to contact Hilton London Metropole is by calling +44 207 402 4141. Does Hilton London Metropole have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton London Metropole has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton London Metropole? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hilton London Metropole. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hilton London Metropole? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton London Metropole, London? Usually Hilton London Metropole room prices are around C$ 310/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 194/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hilton London Metropole? Hilton London Metropole does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hilton London Metropole have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hilton London Metropole from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at Hilton London Metropole - you’ll be about 1.4 km away. Is Hilton London Metropole close to Nobu Portman Square? The distance from Hilton London Metropole to Nobu Portman Square is 0.9 km. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Hilton London Metropole Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
