https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Garden_Inn_Times_Square.htm
Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Hotel 790 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 2,202 reviews 7.6 C$ 174 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Garden Inn Times Square This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. It provides good-value accommodation with free Wi-Fi access. This modern hotel offers valet... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport New York All airports Distance to airport 1.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 581 7000 All policies Amenities at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hilton Garden Inn Times Square The Belvedere Hotel 8.1 Excellent 319 West 48th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Belvedere Hotel provides an elegant base while in New York City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Edison Times Square 7.4 Good 228 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This art deco hotel is in Manhattan, only a five-minute walk to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan 7.9 Good 1605 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this 4-star hotel is within easy walking distance of the New York City Center, the Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center. Featuring views of Times Square, it also offers a multitude of facilities, such as a swimming pool, a sauna and an executive floor. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Paramount Times Square 6.6 Good 235 West 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Paramount Times Square offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist hot spots and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Garden Inn Times Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 2,202 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.7Couples 7.4Friends 7.3Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hilton Garden Inn Times Square All photos (34) Bedroom (10) Building (4) Restaurant (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Most Popular Landmarks Broadway0.2 km Times Square0.3 km Carnegie Hall0.7 km Bryant Park1.0 km Grand Central Terminal1.2 km Madison Square Garden1.3 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.3 km New York Port Authority0.6 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.6 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.6 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.9 km New York 201 West 37th St0.9 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Is pricing at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? There is a 51% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in New York and the average nightly rate at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. The rate at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is just C$ 382/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in New York. How close is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 22.1 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hilton Garden Inn Times Square? Hilton Garden Inn Times Square has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hilton Garden Inn Times Square guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square considered pet-friendly? Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. How close is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Hilton Garden Inn Times Square using any means of transportation. What is the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 581 7000. Does Hilton Garden Inn Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Garden Inn Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square? Yes. You should consider staying at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, New York? A good deal at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square right now is between C$ 18 and C$ 382 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Hilton Garden Inn Times Square have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square from Rockefeller Center? Rockefeller Center in New York is 0.7 km away from Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. Is Hilton Garden Inn Times Square close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.3 km between Times Square and Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hilton Garden Inn Times Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
