https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Tokyo_Odaiba.htm
Hilton Tokyo Odaiba, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Hotel 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 737 reviews 8.3 C$ 250 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Featuring a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, the hotel is situated in Tokyo and presents views of Tokyo Bay. A limousine service and an indoor pool are just some of the luxurious amenities o... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.1 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 8.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 355 005 500 All policies Amenities at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Pyjamas Pants press Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Sea view Seating area Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Bidet Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo 8.3 Excellent 6-6-2, Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Experience the vibrancy of modern Japan when you stay in the heart of Tokyo’s dynamic business, shopping and entertainment center at the Hilton Tokyo. This luxury hotel in Shinjuku offers contemporary guest rooms, an exclusive Executive Lounge, selection of restaurants and bars and 24/7 fitness center and business center. Restaurants and Bars TSUNOHAZU dinning floor - Junisoh, Dynasty, Metropolitan Grill, Zatta, and Marble Lounge, St. George Bar. Internet: WiFi available at Lobby and Marble Lounge area. Wired & Wireless HSIA for up to five devices in all guest rooms Fitness: Produced by PRECOCR / Free for in house guests / 24/7 gym available. Indoor pool, sauna and whirlpool available. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Grand Nikko Tokyo Daiba 8.8 Excellent 2-6-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Grand Nikko Tokyo Daiba is just a five-minute stroll from Daiba Train Station. This modern hotel is situated in Central Tokyo. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Keikyu Ex Inn - Shinagawa Sengakuji-Station 6.7 Good 3-11-26 Mita, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Tamachi Railway Station, Keikyu Ex Inn Shinagawa Sengakuji-Station provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Shinagawa Prince Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4-10-30 Takanawa Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Featuring a range of deluxe amenities like a private movie theatre, an aquarium and a bowling alley, Shinagawa Prince Hotel is located in Central Tokyo. Views of Tokyo can be seen from the hotel's complex, which conveniently offers an atm/cash machine, a shopping mall and a gift shop. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Prince Hotel Shin Takanawa 8.3 Excellent 3-13-1 Takanawa Minato, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.4 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this 4-star hotel is within a short walk of Takanawa. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 737 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 8.6Solo 8.0Families 8.6Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 7.7 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2017 good location, nice view, but not kind at all front man. P 8.9 Great Peter, Sep. 2017 Very nice large room, location and train connection. Communicating in english is not easy but everybody is politely and patiently trying their best. Regular rates quite expensive but through HotelsCombined we got a good deal. Payment is done at checkout, cash is accepted. Photos of Hilton Tokyo Odaiba All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Restaurant (14) Conference room (8) Lobby (6) Where is Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Most Popular Landmarks Senso-ji10.1 km Asakusa Jinja10.1 km Toyosu Market2.1 km Ginza Mitsukoshi5.0 km Roppongi Hills5.6 km Akihabara Electric Town8.0 km Getting Around Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal12.2 km Tokyo Shinagawa2.9 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit5.6 km Tokyo6.0 km Tokyo6.1 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube6.9 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba How close is Hilton Tokyo Odaiba to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? There are 8.6 km between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Hilton Tokyo Odaiba. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 06m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hilton Tokyo Odaiba? For the most freedom while visiting Tokyo, consider renting a car for about C$ 95/day and parking it at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba? Yes. Many people visiting Tokyo look for a hotel with a pool. Hilton Tokyo Odaiba has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hilton Tokyo Odaiba from the Tokyo city center? The center of Minato, Tokyo, is just 3.6 km away from the front doors of Hilton Tokyo Odaiba. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tokyo Dome, which you can get to from Hilton Tokyo Odaiba using any means of transportation. What is the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba phone number? The best way to contact Hilton Tokyo Odaiba is by calling +81 355 005 500. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba. What is the check-out time at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba? Hilton Tokyo Odaiba has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba, Tokyo? Hilton Tokyo Odaiba room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 314/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 191/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba? Hilton Tokyo Odaiba does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hilton Tokyo Odaiba have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
