https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hilton_Garden_Inn_Central_Park_South.htm
Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Hotel 237 West 54th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 5,311 reviews 7.1 C$ 207 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Set in Manhattan, Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is moments away from the New York City Center. It is located a short stroll from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art. This unique hote... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport New York Flushing Distance to airport 12.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 253 6000 All policies Amenities at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Dream Midtown 7.5 Good 210 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Dream Midtown is just moments from the New York City Center. It is 10 minutes on foot from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art, and showcases views of New York City and Times Square. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals M Social Hotel Times Square New York 8.4 Excellent 226 West 52nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway, M Social Hotel Times Square New York offers guests a convenient base while visiting New York City. It boasts views of Times Square and Broadway and provides a wide range of amenities, such as a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Park Central Hotel New York 7.6 Good 870 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Park Central Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 5,311 verified guest reviews 7.1Solo 7.1Friends 7.4Couples 6.9Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date A 8.6 Great Abdulwahab, Aug. 2018 it was great, thanks Michael, he was a great employee and help. he told me about places , malls, restaurants, attractions in New York to visit. thanks a lot Photos of Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South All photos (41) Bedroom (14) Building (4) Balcony (3) Bathroom (3) Where is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.3 km Broadway0.4 km Times Square0.6 km Bryant Park1.3 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Chrysler Building1.6 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.2 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.4 km New York Port Authority1.0 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.0 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.1 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.2 km FAQs when booking at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Is pricing at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 583. The expected nightly rate for Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is around C$ 435; a price that is 45% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in New York. How close is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 22.1 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South? Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South considered pet-friendly? Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South. How close is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South using any means of transportation. What is the Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South please call +1 212 253 6000. Does Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South? Yes. You should consider staying at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South, New York? Prices at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 435, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 141. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South? Yes - Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South, New York. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South from Rockefeller Center? Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 0.7 km away. Is Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South close to Times Square? Times Square is also a popular place to see in New York. It is 0.6 km from Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
