https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Express_Boston.htm
Holiday Inn Express Boston, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Holiday Inn Express Boston Holiday Inn Express Boston Hotel 69 Boston Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,221 reviews 8.0 C$ 169 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Express Boston Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Express Boston Holiday Inn Express Boston provides a comfortable setting while in Boston. It features a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. Holi... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.8 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 288 3030 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Express Boston Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Express Boston Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Express Boston Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Boston Hotel 891 Massachusetts Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Best Western PLUS Boston Hotel provides unique accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from Massachusetts Avenue Bus Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and an executive floor. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside 7.6 Good 240 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside offers modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from JFK-UMass MBTA Subway Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Quarters on DOT by Thatch 5.8 Okay Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Quarters on DOT by Short Term Rentals Boston is situated in Boston and features complimentary wireless internet. It provides a shared kitchen, and is a brief stroll from Dorchester Heights. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Express Boston 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,224 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.0Couples 7.6Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Express Boston All photos (57) Bedroom (14) Building (6) Conference room (6) Bathroom (4) Where is Holiday Inn Express Boston Most Popular Landmarks Copley Place2.8 km Prudential Center2.9 km Boston Common3.2 km Museum of Fine Arts3.2 km Quincy Market3.7 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace3.7 km Getting Around Boston 262 Harrison Ave2.4 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave2.6 km Boston Back Bay2.6 km Boston South Station2.8 km Boston Park Plaza2.8 km Boston 85 Bedford St2.9 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Express Boston Is pricing at Holiday Inn Express Boston comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? The average rate for a night at Holiday Inn Express Boston is 61% less than the Boston average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Holiday Inn Express Boston is typically C$ 169, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Boston. How close is Holiday Inn Express Boston to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Holiday Inn Express Boston is 6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Holiday Inn Express Boston? Holiday Inn Express Boston has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Holiday Inn Express Boston from the Boston city center? Holiday Inn Express Boston is 1.8 km away from the center of South Boston, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Science, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Holiday Inn Express Boston by various forms of transportation. What is the Holiday Inn Express Boston phone number? For questions about Holiday Inn Express Boston and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 288 3030. Does Holiday Inn Express Boston have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Express Boston has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Express Boston? Holiday Inn Express Boston does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Express Boston? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Express Boston, Boston? Holiday Inn Express Boston room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 169/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 114/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Holiday Inn Express Boston have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Holiday Inn Express Boston, Boston. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Holiday Inn Express Boston from New England Aquarium? Holiday Inn Express Boston is a good place to stay to see New England Aquarium. It’s 3.7 km away. Is Holiday Inn Express Boston close to Museum of Fine Arts? Walking distance - there’s 3.2 km between Museum of Fine Arts and Holiday Inn Express Boston. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Holiday Inn Express Boston Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
