https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Montreal_Centre_Ville_Downtown.htm
Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Hotel 999 Saint-Urbain, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 952 reviews 7.8 C$ 189 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown is a comfortable base when in Montreal and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. The h... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 878 9888 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Indoor pool Alarm clock Allergy-free room No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Saint Francois Xavier Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 888 Rue Saint-Francois Xavier, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, Saint Francois Xavier Serviced Apartments by Hometrotting offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is moments from Bank of Montreal and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 744 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Centre 6.8 Good 50 René-Lévesque St. West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, this 3-star property is modern and unique. It is located just a short stroll from plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal 7.6 Good 208 Saint Antoine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from Bank of Montreal and Place d'Armes. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Zero 1 8.0 Excellent 01 Rene-Levesque Blvd. Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Zero 1 Montreal provides modern 3-star accommodation in Montreal. It is steps from Saint Laurent Boulevard, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 952 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.9Couples 8.1Friends 7.6Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown All photos (29) Restaurant (4) Bedroom (3) Building (3) Lobby (3) Where is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.4 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.6 km Marché Bonsecours0.7 km Place Ville-Marie0.9 km Place Bonaventure0.9 km Christ Church Cathedral0.9 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.3 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.8 km Montreal Central0.9 km Montreal Bus1.1 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.3 km Montreal Kirkland23.8 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown How close is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 15.7 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 12m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown? Yes, Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown from the Montreal city center? Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown is just 0.1 km away from the center of Ville-Marie, Montreal. From Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown phone number? For questions about Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 514 878 9888. Does Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown, Montreal? Prices at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 201, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 102. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown, Montreal. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown - you’ll be about 0.6 km away. Is Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown close to Centre Bell? Centre Bell is also a popular place to see in Montreal. It is 1.4 km from Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Holiday Inn Montreal Centreville Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
