https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Conference_Centre_Edmonton_South.htm
Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Hotel 4485 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 404 reviews 7.8 C$ 111 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Situated a short drive from University Of Alberta, Holiday Inn Conference Centre Edmonton South offers traditional accommodation in Edmonton. It also features a heated pool, an express check-in and ch... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.7 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 20.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 431 1100 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Saltwater pool Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Spa bath Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Ice skating Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Radisson Hotel Edmonton South 6.7 Good 4440 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Radisson Hotel Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton South 6.5 Good 10320 45th Avenue NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an airport shuttle and a beauty centre. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Sawridge Inn & Conference Centre Edmonton South 7.7 Good 4235 Gateway Blvd. N, NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and provides a swimming pool. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a ballroom. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Lodge 6.8 Good 3815 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Royal Lodge Edmonton is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 405 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 7.7Solo 7.4Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel All photos (43) Bedroom (10) Building (9) Bathroom (5) Conference room (3) Where is Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Southgate Center1.6 km Northlands Coliseum10.1 km Century Casino12.6 km South Edmonton Common4.0 km Elk Island National Park44.6 km Edmonton Ski Club5.8 km Getting Around Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw0.2 km Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South1.0 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw1.6 km Edmonton Edmonton Southgate Lrt1.7 km Edmonton11.0 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites12.8 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Is pricing at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? In Edmonton, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 126. The expected nightly rate for Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel is around C$ 110; a price that is 35% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Edmonton. How close is Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel is 20.3 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 15m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Edmonton, renting a car for around C$ 36/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Edmonton Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel during their stay. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Yes, Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel from the Edmonton city center? Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel is just 6.7 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel phone number? For questions about Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 780 431 1100. Does Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton? Prices at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 110, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 64. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
