https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Lodge_Cabins.htm
Holiday Lodge Cabins, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Holiday Lodge Cabins Holiday Lodge Cabins Bed & Breakfast 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 134 reviews 9.5 C$ 104 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Lodge Cabins Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Lodge Cabins Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff N... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 9.5 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 3648 All policies Amenities at Holiday Lodge Cabins Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Linens Towels Tea/coffee maker Grill Fire extinguisher Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Flat-screen TV Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Free toiletries Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Smoke alarms Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Heating Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Oven Free parking Physical distancing in dining areas Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Private bathroom Kitchen Private entrance Sofa Show more Services Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Lodge Cabins Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Holiday Lodge Cabins Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Elk + Avenue Hotel 8.3 Excellent 333 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Elk + Avenue Hotel is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Park Lodge 7.9 Good 222 Lynx Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Banff Park Lodge is an easy drive from Canmore and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is an excellent base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Ptarmigan Inn 8.0 Excellent 337 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Banff Ptarmigan Inn provides a comfortable setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Located in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a relaxing retreat. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Lodge Cabins 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.5 ExcellentBased on 134 verified guest reviews 9.6Families 9.5Couples 9.8Friends 9.2Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Holiday Lodge Cabins Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.6 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens0.9 km Sunshine Village14.9 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.5 km Upper Hot Springs3.2 km Mount Norquay4.9 km Getting Around Banff Mount Royal0.3 km Banff Banff, Ab0.4 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.5 km Banff Luxton Museum South0.8 km Banff Ywca0.8 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge1.2 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Lodge Cabins Is pricing at Holiday Lodge Cabins comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? In Banff, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 186. The expected nightly rate for Holiday Lodge Cabins is around C$ 124; a price that is 50% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Holiday Lodge Cabins to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Banff. Is Holiday Lodge Cabins considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Holiday Lodge Cabins. What is the Holiday Lodge Cabins phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 403 762 3648. Does Holiday Lodge Cabins have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Lodge Cabins has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Holiday Lodge Cabins? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Holiday Lodge Cabins, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Lodge Cabins, Banff? Prices at Holiday Lodge Cabins will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 124, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 99. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Holiday Lodge Cabins from Banff Park Museum? The popular Banff Park Museum is just over 0.6 km from Holiday Lodge Cabins. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Holiday Lodge Cabins Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
