https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Los_Angeles_International_Airport.htm
Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Hotel 9901 South La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 4,733 reviews 7.4 C$ 166 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Holiday Inn Los Angeles International Airport provides 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an executive floor, an outdoor pool and an express... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.9 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 3.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 649 5151 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush Clothes rack Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Casino Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,555 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX 7.4 Good 5249 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX provides luxury 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as a free shuttle service, ski passes and an outdoor pool. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Los Angeles Airport 7.9 Good 5400 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel has direct access to Los Angeles International Airport and features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an outdoor pool and a bowling alley. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Los Angeles Airport 7.2 Good 5711 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hilton Los Angeles Airport is situated in Los Angeles and provides modern accommodation. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an executive floor and a free shuttle service. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Los Angeles Airport Marriott 7.8 Good 5855 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Los Angeles Airport Marriott is located in Los Angeles and offers modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 4,733 verified guest reviews 7.5Solo 7.3Families 7.5Friends 7.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 8.4 Great Anonymous, May 2019 Hotel was lovely. Very convenient for someone always on the run. M 5.4 Passable Matthew, Mar. 2019 The room was clean and I can’t fault the cleaning staff. That is where the compliments end. Room has been built on the cheap. the taps run and the bath fills up when you try to have a shower. the website promised a free breakfast which we then didn’t get. Reception staff were disinterested and unfriendly. For the cost, nowhere near meets the required standard. Photos of Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport All photos (47) Bedroom (8) Conference room (8) Restaurant (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Most Popular Landmarks Venice Beach10.1 km California Science Center10.9 km Westfield Century City13.4 km STAPLES Center14.3 km L.A. Live14.6 km Santa Monica State Beach14.6 km Getting Around Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn0.1 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel1.9 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd11.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)11.8 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.8 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Is pricing at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? There is a 43% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Los Angeles and the average nightly rate at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport. The rate at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport is just C$ 194/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Los Angeles. How close is Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport is 3.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 28/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Los Angeles can always take the shuttle from Los Angeles Airport which is provided by Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport? Yes, Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport from the Los Angeles city center? Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport is just 3.3 km away from the center of Westchester, Los Angeles. From Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 310 649 5151 to talk to a Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport front desk representative. Does Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport, Los Angeles? Usually Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport room prices are around C$ 194/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 99/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport? Yes, food can be ordered from the Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
