https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Express_Hong_Kong_Kowloon_East.htm
Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Hotel Tower 4, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 599 reviews 7.3 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Situated close to local attractions, Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East is a 10-minute walk from from Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.4 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 35.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 3199 5588 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Adults only Fire extinguisher Sea view Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Walk-in shower Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Services Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is within a 10-minute walk of Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground and features an outdoor pool. It provides city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Dorsett Kwun Tong, Hong Kong 7.8 Good 84 Hung To Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Dorsett Kwun Tong Hong Kong is located under 10 minutes walk from Kwun Tong Station and features air conditioned rooms with tea and coffee making facilities, a flat-screen TV and a refrigerator. This modern property is conveniently situated in Kwun Tong. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon Cbd2 7.9 Good 97 How Ming Street Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel This 3-star hotel is situated close to Kwun Tong Station and provides free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from apm Shopping Mall, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Harbour View 7.1 Good 163 Wai Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.2 km from current hotel Set in Kwun Tong, this 4-star hotel is a five-minute walk from Millennium City. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 600 verified guest reviews 7.1Friends 7.5Couples 7.3Solo 7.1Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East All photos (47) Bedroom (10) Outdoors view (7) Bathroom (5) Other (3) Where is Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Most Popular Landmarks Hong Kong Central Hospital11.1 km Lan Kwai Fong11.2 km Soho11.4 km Hong Kong Disneyland22.5 km Tin Shui Wai Park31.2 km AsiaWorld-Expo32.5 km Getting Around Hong Kong Cz10.6 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan17.6 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station8.3 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station9.6 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East How close is Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East from the Hong Kong city center? Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East is 0.1 km away from the center of Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong. Consider visiting Ocean Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East by various forms of transportation. What is the Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East phone number? You can reach the front desk of Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East at +852 3199 5588. Does Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East, Hong Kong? C$ 81 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East, with average deals around C$ 132 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East? Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East does have a restaurant. Does Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East from Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground? Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground in Hong Kong is 0.4 km away from Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
