https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Express_Suites_Ottawa_East_Orleans.htm
Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Hotel 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 563 reviews 8.4 C$ 151 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and fr... More Good to Know To Downtown 16.1 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 21.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 824 8444 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Indoor pool Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Quality Inn Orleans 6.5 Good 3363 St. Joseph Blvd., Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Quality Inn Orleans is situated in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa East 5.7 Okay 1486 Innes Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa East is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides free public parking on site and Orleans and University of Ottawa are a brief car ride away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Welcominns Ottawa 7.5 Good 1220 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 11.4 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and babysitting/child services. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa East 7.3 Good 1252 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 11.5 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa East is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and a currency exchange. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 563 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.3Families 8.5Couples 8.6Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans All photos (43) Bedroom (12) Buffet (7) Conference room (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Most Popular Landmarks Place D'Orleans Shopping Center0.5 km St. Laurent Centre11.7 km Laurier House14.3 km Ottawa Art Gallery15.2 km Rideau Centre15.3 km Confederation Park15.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Orléans0.6 km Ottawa St Laurent11.9 km Ottawa13.1 km Ottawa Hospital - General Campus13.6 km Ottawa Hurdman14.0 km Ottawa Cheo14.1 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Is pricing at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Ottawa. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 124 per night in Ottawa. Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans will run you C$ 150 per night, which is 10% cheaper than the Ottawa average. How close is Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 21.5 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans during their stay. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans? Yes, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans from the Ottawa city center? Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans is just 2.8 km away from the center of Orleans, Ottawa. From Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian War Museum. What is the Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans phone number? For questions about Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 613 824 8444. Does Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans? The standard check-out time at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans, Ottawa? C$ 119 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans, with average deals around C$ 150 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans, Ottawa. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
