https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_London_Camden_Lock.htm
Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Hotel 30 Jamestown Road, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 3,451 reviews 8.2 C$ 246 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Holiday Inn London Camden Lock is set in Camden, a short walk from Camden Market. Guests looking to sightsee during their stay can start at the hotel, as it showcases views of London. This mo... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.8 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 22.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 20 7485 4343 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Quiet street view Electric kettle River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Additional toilet CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Pullman London St Pancras 8.5 Excellent 100-110 Euston Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Located in London, Pullman London St Pancras offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the British Library. It also provides an executive floor, a sauna and a ballroom. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Blu Edwardian Grafton Hotel, London 8.0 Excellent 130 Tottenham Court Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Set in Central London, this modern hotel features 24-hour room service, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 235 Avg. per night View Deals Studios2Let 7.7 Good London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Situated in London, Studios 2 Let Apartments London offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the British Library. It is surrounded by a variety of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Euston Bus Station. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Danubius Hotel Regents Park 8.1 Excellent 18 Lodge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Located in London, Danubius Hotel Regents Park offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Lord's Cricket Ground. It provides a fitness centre, as well as 24-hour room service, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 3,451 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 8.3Couples 8.1Families 8.5Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock All photos (55) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (7) Conference room (6) Building (5) Where is Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Most Popular Landmarks British Museum2.6 km Oxford Circus2.8 km Bloomsbury Square2.8 km Piccadilly Circus3.4 km Leicester Square3.5 km Trafalgar Square3.8 km Getting Around London Camden Road0.5 km London Kentish Town West0.7 km London Kentish Town Station0.7 km London Euston1.6 km London St Pancras1.7 km London Gospel Oak1.8 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Is pricing at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock comparable to 4 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 382. The expected nightly rate for Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock is around C$ 281; a price that is 46% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in London. How close is Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 22.8 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock. The average expected drive time from Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 17m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock? For the most freedom while visiting London, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock from the London city center? The center of Camden Town, London, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tower Bridge, which you can get to from Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock using any means of transportation. What is the Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock phone number? You can reach the front desk of Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock at +44 20 7485 4343. Does Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock, London? Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 281/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 154/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock? Yes - Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock from Nobu Portman Square? Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock is a walkable distance (2.8 km) from Nobu Portman Square, London. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 Holiday Inn London - Camden Lock Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
