https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Express_Hotel_Suites_Edmonton_South.htm
Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Hotel 2440 Calgary Trail NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,343 reviews 7.7 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. The multiple facilities this charming hotel offers include a currency exchange, lugg... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.6 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 17.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 440 5000 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Room service Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Smartphone dock Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South 7.7 Good 3610 Gateway Boulevard Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Featuring a bowling alley, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and water slides. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Lodge 6.8 Good 3815 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Royal Lodge Edmonton is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Sawridge Inn & Conference Centre Edmonton South 7.7 Good 4235 Gateway Blvd. N, NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and provides a swimming pool. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a ballroom. C$ 97 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West 6.1 Good 18320 Stony Plain Rd Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West provides a modern setting when in Edmonton. It also features water slides, an indoor pool and meeting rooms. C$ 73 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,341 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 7.8Couples 7.5Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel All photos (33) Bedroom (8) Restaurant (5) Living room (4) Pool (4) Where is Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Most Popular Landmarks South Edmonton Common1.2 km Rogers Place10.1 km Galaxyland11.3 km West Edmonton Mall11.4 km Commonwealth Stadium11.6 km Kingsway Mall11.9 km Getting Around Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw1.5 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre11.4 km Edmonton 11204 119 St11.9 km Edmonton13.9 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites15.8 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw2.8 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel How close is Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At just 17.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel is 0h 13m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Edmonton look for a hotel with a pool. Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel from the Edmonton city center? Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel is just 9.6 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel please call +1 780 440 5000. Does Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton? Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 121/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 49/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
