https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Edmonton_South_Evario_Events.htm
Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Hotel 950 Parsons Road SW, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 752 reviews 8.7 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events offers 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. All the rooms at Holiday Inn Edmonton So... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.2 km Rating 8.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 784 8500 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Ice skating Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Wedding services All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton/South, Alberta, Canada 8.4 Excellent 10020 12th Avenue S.W., Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway 8.3 Excellent 10010 12 Ave Sw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway provides 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and features an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a 24-hour business centre. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South 8.2 Excellent 1115 103A Street SW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 752 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 8.6Solo 8.5Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Conference room (8) Banquet hall (5) Building (4) Where is Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Summerside Lake0.9 km Fort Edmonton Park10.8 km Edmonton Ski Club12.2 km Edmonton City Centre13.4 km Rogers Place13.7 km West Edmonton Mall14.5 km Getting Around Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel10.5 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall10.8 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel11.5 km Edmonton 10014 104 St12.9 km Edmonton Welcome Center13.1 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre15.0 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Is pricing at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? There is a 33% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Edmonton and the average nightly rate at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel. The rate at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel is just C$ 114/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Edmonton. How close is Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At 14.6 km away, Edmonton Airport is the closest airport to Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel. The average expected drive time from Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel to Edmonton Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Edmonton often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel from the Edmonton city center? Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel is just 13.2 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel is by calling +1 780 784 8500. Does Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton? A good deal at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel right now is between C$ 79 and C$ 114 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel, Edmonton. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, An IHG Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
