https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Ottawa_Dwtn_Parliament_Hill.htm
Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Hotel 402 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,196 reviews 7.6 C$ 202 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Situated within a 10-minute walk of Lebreton Bus Station, Holiday Inn - Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill is a convenient base while in Ottawa. This contemporary hotel is set in the heart of the city. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 7.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 236 1133 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Quiet street view Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Downtown 8.5 Excellent 361 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It is steps from the Library and Archives Canada, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Downtown 8.1 Excellent 361 Queen Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It also features a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Ottawa City Centre 7.9 Good 101 Lyon Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in central Ottawa, Delta Hotels by Marriott Ottawa City Centre is within a 10-minute walk of Supreme Court of Canada. It also offers private parking on site and the National Gallery of Canada and Royal Canadian Mint are a short car trip away. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,196 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.6Couples 7.4Solo 7.5Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill All photos (30) Bedroom (9) Building (4) Lobby (3) Attractions (2) Where is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.7 km Canadian War Museum0.8 km Confederation Park1.3 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.5 km Rideau Centre1.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery1.6 km Getting Around Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.3 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.4 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.7 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.9 km Ottawa Bus Terminal1.4 km Ottawa 1 George St1.4 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill How close is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With a distance of 11 km between Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill and the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill considered pet-friendly? Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill. How close is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill from the Ottawa city center? Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill is 0.6 km away from the center of LeBreton Flats, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill by various forms of transportation. What is the Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill please call +1 613 236 1133. Does Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill, Ottawa? Usually Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill room prices are around C$ 189/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 138/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill, Ottawa. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill from Canadian War Museum? You can walk to Canadian War Museum while staying at Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill - you’ll be about 0.8 km away. Is Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill close to Laurier House? 2.5 km - making Laurier House a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Holiday Inn Ottawa Dwtn - Parliament Hill Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
