https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Lisbon_Continental.htm
Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Hotel Rua Laura Alves 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,961 reviews 8.1 C$ 163 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Contemporary in its design, Holiday Inn Lisbon-Continental is located in a well-known area of Lisbon. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out fea... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.1 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 4.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 21 004 6000 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. The multiple facilities this luxury hotel has to offer include 24-hour room service, a beauty centre and valet parking. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Zurique Hotel 7.3 Good Rua Ivone Silva, 18, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering views of Lisbon, VIP Executive Zurique Hotel is located in a well-known shopping district, plus boasts an outdoor pool. This cosy hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Lisboa Wine Region. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno 7.6 Good Avenida Joao XXI, 80, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno offers 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference 7.7 Good Avenida 5 de Outubro, 295, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, VIP Executive Entrecampos Hotel & Conference offers 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,961 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 8.2Couples 8.0Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Restaurant (10) Buffet (7) Lobby (4) Where is Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian0.5 km Jardim Botânico2.5 km Castelo de São Jorge3.3 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.4 km Chiado Museum3.5 km Sé de Lisboa3.8 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.3 km Lisbon Entrecampos0.4 km Lisbon Av. da República0.5 km Lisbon Saldanha0.9 km Lisbon Av. José Malhoa1.1 km Lisbon Picoas1.3 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Is pricing at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? Hotels in Lisbon that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 179/night, but on average, Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental is available for 28% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental for C$ 172/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Lisbon. How close is Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At just 4.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental is 0h 03m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental from the Lisbon city center? The center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as SL Benfica Stadium, which you can get to from Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental using any means of transportation. What is the Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental phone number? For questions about Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +351 21 004 6000. Does Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental, Lisbon? Prices at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 172, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 129. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental, Lisbon. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental - you’ll be about 3.8 km away. Is Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental close to Estádio José Alvalade? Estádio José Alvalade is also a popular place to see in Lisbon. It is 2.5 km from Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
