https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Holiday_Inn_Paris_Gare_de_Lyon_Bastille.htm
Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Hotel 11 Rue De Lyon, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,961 reviews 8.6 C$ 206 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille The hotel is located amongst Paris's popular clubs and bars, just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station. It is situated a brief walk from the Opera Bastille, the Paris Opera and Place de la B... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 22.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 53 02 20 00 All policies Amenities at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Adapter Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Street parking Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Courtyard by Marriott Paris Gare de Lyon 8.6 Excellent 209-211 Rue de Bercy, Paris, France Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV 7.8 Good 2 place Louis Armand, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is a modern setting while visiting Paris and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale Des Jeunes 6.2 Good 10 Rue Trousseau, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' walk from Paris Lyon Railway Station, Auberge Internationale des Jeunes provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Paris. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Paris Bastille Faubourg-Saint-Antoine 11ème 8.1 Excellent 13 Rue Trousseau, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Ibis Paris Bastille Faubourg St Antoine provides a modern setting while in Paris. The numerous facilities this traditional hotel has to offer include meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and 24-hour room service. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,961 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.5Solo 8.6Friends 8.6Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 8.2 Great Anonymous, Sep. 2019 small room Photos of Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille All photos (51) Bedroom (11) Conference room (8) Other (7) Bathroom (5) Where is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Most Popular Landmarks AccorHotels Arena1.0 km Notre Dame1.7 km Bercy Village1.8 km Pantheon1.9 km Centre Pompidou2.1 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.8 km Getting Around Paris Gare de Lyon0.3 km Paris Austerlitz0.6 km Paris Bastille0.7 km Paris Ministère Des Finances P.O.P.B.0.8 km Paris Quai de la Gare1.1 km Paris Bercy Bourgogne - Pays d'Auvergne1.2 km FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Is pricing at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? The average rate for a night at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille is 44% less than the Paris average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille is typically C$ 259, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Paris. How close is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With no traffic, the 22.6 km drive between Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille? Getting from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 42/day in Paris. Luckily, Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille. How close is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille from the Paris city center? Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille is just 0.7 km away from the center of Bastille, Paris. From Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Champs-Elysées. What is the Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille phone number? You can reach the front desk of Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille at +33 1 53 02 20 00. Does Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille, Paris? A good deal at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille right now is between C$ 85 and C$ 259 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille have a laundry service? Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille from Louvre Museum? You can walk to Louvre Museum while staying at Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille - you’ll be about 3 km away. Is Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille close to AccorHotels Arena? If you want to see AccorHotels Arena while visiting Paris, Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille is just 1 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
