https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hollywood_Celebrity_Hotel.htm
Hollywood Celebrity Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Hotel 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,056 reviews 8.6 C$ 232 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hollywood Celebrity Hotel This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. There are a range of facilities on offer to g... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Burbank Bob Hope Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 850 6464 All policies Amenities at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Loews Hollywood Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1755 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is conveniently positioned in Hollywood and provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop pool. Just a short stroll from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it offers trendy rooms equipped with an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a coffee maker. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Drive Hostel 8.4 Excellent 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals The Hollywood Roosevelt 8.2 Excellent 7000 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Roosevelt offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a bowling alley. C$ 377 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,053 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.6Families 8.6Couples 8.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hollywood Celebrity Hotel All photos (22) Other (6) Bedroom (3) Building (3) Lobby (3) Where is Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.2 km Hollywood Boulevard0.7 km Hollywood and Vine1.3 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.6 km Little Tokyo11.0 km California Science Center11.0 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.3 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.4 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.8 km Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.9 km Los Angeles West La (palms)10.2 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.3 km FAQs when booking at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Is pricing at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? There is a 28% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Los Angeles and the average nightly rate at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel. The rate at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel is just C$ 234/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Los Angeles. How close is Hollywood Celebrity Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 19.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to Hollywood Celebrity Hotel is 0h 14m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Hollywood Celebrity Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hollywood Celebrity Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. How close is Hollywood Celebrity Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Hollywood, Los Angeles, is just 1.6 km away from the front doors of Hollywood Celebrity Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Hollywood Celebrity Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Hollywood Celebrity Hotel phone number? For questions about Hollywood Celebrity Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 323 850 6464. Does Hollywood Celebrity Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hollywood Celebrity Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel, Los Angeles? C$ 193 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel, with average deals around C$ 234 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Hollywood Celebrity Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hollywood Celebrity Hotel that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hollywood Celebrity Hotel from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles is 0.2 km away from Hollywood Celebrity Hotel. Is Hollywood Celebrity Hotel close to Hollywood Boulevard? 0.7 km - making Hollywood Boulevard a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hollywood Celebrity Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood Celebrity Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
