https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hollywood_City_Inn.htm
Hollywood City Inn, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood City Inn Hollywood City Inn Hotel 1615 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 870 reviews 7.5 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hollywood City Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hollywood City Inn Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Hollywood City Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.2 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 19.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 469 2700 All policies Amenities at Hollywood City Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Baby safety gates Soundproof rooms Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hollywood City Inn Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Hollywood City Inn The Dixie Hollywood 7.2 Good 5410 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Hollywood, The Dixie Hollywood is moments away from the Hollywood and Western Building. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Hollywood 6.6 Good 5200 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Value Inn Hollywood is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers room service, free Wi-Fi and a designated smoking area. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Apartel 5.5 Okay Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites 6.2 Good 6055 West Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites offers guests a convenient base when in Los Angeles. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hollywood City Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 870 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.3Families 7.4Couples 7.2Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date D 10.0 Excellent Dovile, Mar. 2017 all perfect Photos of Hollywood City Inn All photos (27) Bedroom (8) Pool (6) Outdoors view (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Hollywood City Inn Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood and Vine1.6 km Westfield Century City11.1 km Venice Beach19.7 km Hollywood Boulevard2.2 km Hollywood Walk of Fame2.8 km Santa Monica State Beach20.3 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.0 km Los Angeles Bus Terminal - 1716 E 7th St10.0 km Los Angeles Station10.4 km Los Angeles West La (palms)11.8 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California13.3 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave13.3 km FAQs when booking at Hollywood City Inn Is pricing at Hollywood City Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? In Los Angeles, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 241. The expected nightly rate for Hollywood City Inn is around C$ 175; a price that is 46% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hollywood City Inn to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Los Angeles. How close is Hollywood City Inn to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 19.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to Hollywood City Inn is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Hollywood City Inn? Hollywood City Inn has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hollywood City Inn guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is there a pool at Hollywood City Inn? Yes, Hollywood City Inn has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hollywood City Inn from the Los Angeles city center? Hollywood City Inn is just 1.6 km away from the center of East Hollywood, Los Angeles. From Hollywood City Inn you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Hollywood City Inn phone number? For questions about Hollywood City Inn and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 323 469 2700. Does Hollywood City Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hollywood City Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hollywood City Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hollywood City Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hollywood City Inn, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 175 per night to stay at Hollywood City Inn. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 116 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hollywood City Inn have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hollywood City Inn. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hollywood City Inn from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Hollywood City Inn is about 2.8 km from Hollywood Walk of Fame, one of Los Angeles’s most popular landmarks. Is Hollywood City Inn close to Hollywood Boulevard? 2.2 km - making Hollywood Boulevard a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hollywood City Inn. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood City Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
