https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Hollywood-vacation-rentals.htm
Hollywood, Florida Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Hollywood, FL Search and compare Hollywood, FL vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Hollywood, FL, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Hollywood, FL, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Hollywood Hotels 2,811 Hollywood Vacation Rentals 2,555 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Hollywood Cheapest month: May Most expensive month: June Average price in Hollywood: C$ 326/night Cheapest price found: C$ 104/night Cheapest day: Wednesday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 135 - C$ 734 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 96 - C$ 602 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Hollywood, Florida Show all 2,811 hotels Hallandale Beach Apartments Hallandale Beach, FL, United States Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Hallandale Beach, FL, United States Hallandale Beach Resort Apartment is located in Hallandale Beach and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Cozy And Modern 2b-2b Home Hollywood, FL, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Hollywood, FL, United States Cozy and Modern Two-Bedroom Home in Great Location is set in Hollywood and is close to local landmarks, such as Mardi Gras Casino. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean Drive Villas 8.3 Excellent Hollywood, FL, United States Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Hollywood, FL, United States Ocean Drive Villas is situated in Hollywood and is close to the area's tourist attractions. The various facilities this charming property offers include free Wi-Fi, a concierge and a playground. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Blue House Miami 8.2 Excellent North Bay Village, FL, United States Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, North Bay Village, FL, United States Blue House Miami provides a comfortable setting when in Miami. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean Front Miami Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Ocean Front Miami is located in Sunny Isles Beach and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a dry cleaning service and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals Private Residences at Beachwalk by SoFla Vacations 2602 E. Hallandale Beach Blvd, Hallandale Beach, FL, United States Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Hallandale Beach, FL, United States This comfortable property in Hallandale Beach offers free Wi-Fi, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It also provides a 24-hour reception, a sun deck and bicycle rental. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals Sunny Isles Miami Vacation Apartments by Globe Quarters Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Situated in Sunny Isles Beach, Miami Beach Intracoastal Apartments by Globe Quarters offers contemporary 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and an outdoor pool. It is ideally located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 339 Avg. per night View Deals Private Ocean Condos At Trump Sunny Isles 7.0 Good 18001 Collins Avenue, Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States Private Apartments at Trump Hotel is located in Sunny Isles Beach and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and a kids club. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Hollywood 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Historic Hollywood Beach Resort 101 North Ocean Drive, Hollywood, FL, United States C$ 40 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Private Ocean Condos At Trump Sunny Isles 18001 Collins Avenue, Sunny Isles Beach, FL, United States 7.0 C$ 408 View Deal #2 Most popular Private Residences at Beachwalk by SoFla Vacations 2602 E. Hallandale Beach Blvd, Hallandale Beach, FL, United States C$ 310 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Hollywood Hotels in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Sunny Isles Beach Show more Vacation rentals in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Show more Facts about staying in Hollywood How much does a vacation rental in Hollywood cost? Hollywood vacation rentals are C$ 326/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, September is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Hollywood, and May is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 105/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 306/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Hollywood vacation rental? Ocean Drive Villas has a 8.3 rating from 210 users, making it the best Hollywood vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Fort Lauderdale Airport? It’s only 6.1 km from Fort Lauderdale Airport to Ocean Drive Villas (the nearest Hollywood vacation rental to the airport). What part of Hollywood is best to stay in? South Beach is the best part of Hollywood to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Hollywood vacation rentals, 96% of them looked for stays in the South Beach neighbourhood in the last year. The The West Ave Studios happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the South Beach neighbourhood of Hollywood. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Hollywood near Hollywood Beach? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Hollywood Beach while in Hollywood, then the most popular is Ocean Drive Villas with a 8.3/10 review score from 210 users. The distance from Hollywood Beach to Ocean Drive Villas is 0.5 km. Are there Hollywood vacation rentals with “beachfront” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 1 Hollywood vacation rental mentions “beachfront” under their list of amenities. The Marine Villas is the most popular vacation rental in Hollywood that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Hollywood? Yes, there are 43 Resort vacation rentals in Hollywood. According to our data, Margaritaville Hollywood Beach Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Hollywood Hotels 2,811 Hollywood Vacation Rentals 2,555 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
