https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hollywood_Historic_Hotel.htm
Hollywood Historic Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood Historic Hotel Hollywood Historic Hotel Hotel 5162 Melrose Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,674 reviews 8.0 C$ 150 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hollywood Historic Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hollywood Historic Hotel Opened in 1927, Hollywood Historic Hotel is set in Los Angeles and provides a coffee bar, valet parking and a hair salon. The multiple facilities this charming hotel has to offer include a 24-hour rec... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 18.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 378 6312 All policies Amenities at Hollywood Historic Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Evening entertainment Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Beauty salon All amenities Hotels Similar to Hollywood Historic Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Hollywood Historic Hotel Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Rodeway Inn near Melrose Ave 8.0 Excellent 777 North Vine Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Rodeway Inn Hollywood Los Angeles provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It also features free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Apartel 5.5 Okay Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites 6.2 Good 6055 West Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites offers guests a convenient base when in Los Angeles. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hollywood Historic Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,672 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 8.0Couples 8.1Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hollywood Historic Hotel All photos (26) Bedroom (8) Bathroom (3) Lobby (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Hollywood Historic Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City10.2 km Venice Beach18.3 km Santa Monica State Beach19.2 km Hollywood and Vine2.4 km Hollywood Boulevard2.7 km Northridge Fashion Center28.3 km Getting Around Los Angeles West La (palms)10.3 km Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station10.8 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California12.6 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave12.6 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak12.6 km Los Angeles Autobuses Coordinados Usa14.5 km FAQs when booking at Hollywood Historic Hotel Is pricing at Hollywood Historic Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? There is a 49% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Los Angeles and the average nightly rate at Hollywood Historic Hotel. The rate at Hollywood Historic Hotel is just C$ 207/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Los Angeles. How close is Hollywood Historic Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With no traffic, the 18 km drive between Hollywood Historic Hotel and Los Angeles Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 14m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Hollywood Historic Hotel? Hollywood Historic Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hollywood Historic Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? The center of East Hollywood, Los Angeles, is just 1.4 km away from the front doors of Hollywood Historic Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Hollywood Historic Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Hollywood Historic Hotel phone number? For questions about Hollywood Historic Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 323 378 6312. Does Hollywood Historic Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hollywood Historic Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hollywood Historic Hotel? Hollywood Historic Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hollywood Historic Hotel, Los Angeles? Prices at Hollywood Historic Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 207, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 79. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hollywood Historic Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hollywood Historic Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hollywood Historic Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hollywood Historic Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hollywood Historic Hotel from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles is 3.2 km away from Hollywood Historic Hotel. Is Hollywood Historic Hotel close to Hollywood Boulevard? Hollywood Boulevard is also a popular place to see in Los Angeles. It is 2.7 km from Hollywood Historic Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Hollywood Historic Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
