https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HomeTowne_Studios_Orlando_South.htm
HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Hotel 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States MediocreBased on 1,111 reviews 3.5 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. More Good to Know To Downtown 12.4 km Rating 3.5 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 9.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 251 1110 All policies Amenities at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Microwave Outdoor pool Key card access Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Smoking rooms available Washing machine Kitchenette Private parking Show more Services Wake-up service Fax/photocopying All amenities Hotels Similar to HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham Orlando South 5.0 Okay 2051 Consulate Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, La Quinta Inn is an easy drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Walt Disney World Resort. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Airport Florida Mall 5.7 Okay 9393 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Airport Florida Mall is located in Orlando and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and laundry facilities. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall 8.7 Excellent 1500 Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall provides a modern setting while in Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle 5.9 Okay 8687 Commodity Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, Extended Stay America - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It features comfortable rooms with a private bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall 5.3 Okay 9301 S Orange Blossom Trl, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Boasting an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 3.5 PoorBased on 1,111 verified guest reviews 3.5Friends 3.5Couples 4.0Solo 3.3Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South All photos (30) Bedroom (11) Building (7) Kitchen (3) Pool (3) Where is HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Most Popular Landmarks Arnold Palmer's Bay Hill Club & Lodge10.6 km Tinker Field12.1 km Amway Center12.4 km Central Florida Fairgrounds14.1 km Epcot15.1 km Disney's Hollywood Studios16.7 km Getting Around Orlando S Semoran Blvd10.5 km Orlando11.0 km Orlando S Rosalind Av and E Jackson St12.6 km Orlando Orlando, Fl12.7 km Orlando Bus13.2 km Orlando 5046 W Colonial Dr14.2 km FAQs when booking at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Is pricing at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South comparable to 2 star hotels in Orlando? The average rate for a night at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South is 53% less than the Orlando average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South is typically C$ 95, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Orlando. How close is HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With a distance of 9.8 km between HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South and the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 07m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South? Getting from Orlando Airport to HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South? Yes, HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South from the Orlando city center? The center of Boggy Creek, Orlando, is just 5.3 km away from the front doors of HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Universal Orlando Resort, which you can get to from HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South using any means of transportation. What is the HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South phone number? The best way to contact HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South is by calling +1 407 251 1110. Does HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South have Wi-Fi available? Yes, HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South, Orlando? Prices at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 95, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 66. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
