https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Home2_Suites_By_Hilton_Edmonton_South.htm
Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Hotel 1140 103A Street Southwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 958 reviews 8.9 C$ 110 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Home2 Suites By Hilton Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and offers an indoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. There are a variety... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.4 km Rating 8.9 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 250 3000 All policies Amenities at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Shower Dishwasher Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Indoor pool Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Dining area Dining table Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South 8.2 Excellent 1115 103A Street SW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Motel 6.6 Good 1414 Calgary Trail Southwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Chateau Motel is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and features an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a 24-hour business centre. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway 8.3 Excellent 10010 12 Ave Sw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway provides 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 958 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 9.0Couples 8.9Friends 8.9Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South All photos (39) Lounge (7) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (4) Lobby (4) Where is Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Most Popular Landmarks Ellerslie Rugby Park1.2 km Summerside Lake1.8 km Fort Edmonton Park10.3 km Edmonton Ski Club12.4 km Edmonton City Centre13.5 km Rogers Place13.8 km Getting Around Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel10.5 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall11.2 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel11.4 km Edmonton 10014 104 St13.0 km Edmonton Welcome Center13.3 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre15.1 km FAQs when booking at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Is pricing at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? Nightly rates at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South will generally be 34% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Edmonton. When staying at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 112/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Edmonton for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? At just 14 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South? Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Edmonton, renting a car for around C$ 36/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Edmonton Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South. Is there a pool at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South? Yes, Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South from the Edmonton city center? Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South is just 13.4 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 780 250 3000 to talk to a Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South front desk representative. Does Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South? Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South, Edmonton? Usually Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South room prices are around C$ 112/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 92/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Home2 Suites by Hilton Edmonton South Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
