https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Honolulu-vacation-rentals.htm
Honolulu, Hawaii Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Honolulu, HI Search and compare Honolulu, HI vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Honolulu Vacation Rentals 3,932 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Honolulu Cheapest month: July Most expensive month: December Average price in Honolulu: C$ 350/night Cheapest price found: C$ 52/night Cheapest day: Friday Most expensive day: Thursday C$ 220 - C$ 525 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 171 - C$ 411 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Honolulu vacation rentals Show all 4,655 hotels 1 Kanaloa At Kona By Outrigger Kahaluu-Keauhou, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Kahaluu-Keauhou, The Big Island, HI, United States Kanaloa at Kona by Outrigger provides 3-star accommodation in Kona. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and outdoor tennis courts. View Deals 2 Castle Kamaole Sands 8.0 Excellent Kīhei, Maui, HI, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Kīhei, Maui, HI, United States Castle Kamaole Sands is located in Wailea and offers a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and free Wi-Fi. It also provides a kids pool, a swimming pool and a sun deck. View Deals 3 Castle Molokai Shores 6.8 Good Kaunakakai, Moloka'i, HI, United States Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Kaunakakai, Moloka'i, HI, United States Featuring an outdoor pool, this comfortable property is a short car trip from Kualapuu. It also provides babysitting/child services, a BBQ/picnic area and a beauty centre. View Deals 4 Castle Kauai Kailani 8.2 Excellent Kapaa, Kaua'i, HI, United States Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Kapaa, Kaua'i, HI, United States Conveniently based and featuring free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, this comfortable property is located an easy drive from Lihue. It also offers a sun deck, a terrace and a BBQ/picnic area. View Deals 5 Hilltop Legacy Vacation Rental 7.5 Good Hilo, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Hilo, The Big Island, HI, United States Hilltop Legacy is situated on The Big Island and provides 3.5-star accommodation as well as free Wi-Fi. It also offers free private parking on site and is a 10-minute drive from University of Hawaii at Hilo. View Deals 6 Aston Waikiki Sunset 7.7 Good 229 Paoakalani Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Honolulu, Aston Waikiki Sunset is within a 20-minute drive of Honolulu International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi and an outdoor heated pool. It features expansive ocean and mountain views and 3.5-star rooms. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Honolulu, Hawaii Show all 4,655 hotels Waikiki Banyan - Partial Ocean View Tower 2 Suite 1204 8.4 Excellent Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.4 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Waikiki, Waikiki Banyan Tower 2 Suite 1204 is five minutes from Waikiki Beach and offers an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. Guests can also make the most of free internet access in all areas. C$ 365 Avg. per night View Deals Fairway Villas Waikoloa By Outrigger 9.6 Excellent Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 10.0 km from city centre, Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Fairway Villas Waikoloa by Outrigger has 165 contemporary rooms and features an infinity pool. It is also a short car ride from Waikoloa Beach Resort and Waikoloa Beach Resort Golf. C$ 497 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Honolulu 3 stars #1 Most popular Aston Waikiki Sunset 229 Paoakalani Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States 7.7 C$ 262 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Honolulu Hotels in popular Hawaii cities Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Wahiawā Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Hotels in popular Honolulu neighbourhoods Downtown, Honolulu vacation rentals Waikiki, Honolulu vacation rentals Hawaii Kai, Honolulu vacation rentals Ala Moana, Honolulu vacation rentals Kuliouou-Kalani Iki, Honolulu vacation rentals Makiki, Honolulu vacation rentals Vacation rentals in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Facts about staying in Honolulu How much does a vacation rental in Honolulu cost? Honolulu vacation rentals are C$ 350/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, April is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Honolulu, and December is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 53/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 247/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Honolulu vacation rental? Aston Waikiki Sunset has a 7.7 rating from 836 users, making it the best Honolulu vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Honolulu Airport? It’s only 10.8 km from Honolulu Airport to Vacation Rental Suites at Royal Garden Waikiki (the nearest Honolulu vacation rental to the airport). What part of Honolulu is best to stay in? Waikiki is the best part of Honolulu to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Honolulu vacation rentals, 65% of them looked for stays in the Waikiki neighbourhood in the last year. The Castle Waikiki Shore happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Waikiki neighbourhood of Honolulu. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Honolulu near Kahala? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Kahala while in Honolulu, then the most popular is Aston Waikiki Sunset with a 7.7/10 review score from 836 users. The distance from Kahala to Aston Waikiki Sunset is 3.9 km. Are there Honolulu vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 6 Honolulu vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Vacation Rental Suites at Royal Garden Waikiki is the most popular vacation rental in Honolulu that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Honolulu? Yes, there are 205 Resort vacation rentals in Honolulu. According to our data, Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Honolulu Vacation Rentals 3,932 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
