https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hostel_Urby.htm
Hostel Urby, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Hostel Urby Hostel Urby Hostel 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 386 reviews 9.2 C$ 13 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hostel Urby Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hostel Urby Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. The hostel provides an atm/cash machine and luggage storage. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.5 km Rating 9.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 928 834 971 All policies Amenities at Hostel Urby Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Reading light River view Terrace/Patio Linens Adults only Seating area Shampoo Free toiletries Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shower Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Coffee shop Privacy curtain Dining area Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Hostel Urby Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Hostel Urby Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers 8.4 Excellent 2 Charoen Krung Soi 30, Siphya, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated in Bangkok, Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers provides a swimming pool, a saltwater swimming pool and outdoor tennis courts, and is within a two-minute walk of River City Shopping Complex. This 5-star hotel offers views of Chao Phraya River, as well as a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Inn A Day 9.5 Excellent 57-61 Maharat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star inn makes for an excellent base in Bangkok. It is ideally located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Arun Residence 8.5 Excellent 36-38 Soi Pratoo Nok Yoong, Maharat Road, Rattanakosin Island, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Arun Residence offers easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. It also provides free Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and massage services. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Vivit Hostel Bangkok 10.0 Excellent 510 Tanao Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an excellent base in Bangkok. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.8 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hostel Urby 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 387 verified guest reviews 9.2Couples 9.2Solo 9.3Friends 9.6Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hostel Urby All photos (27) Other (10) Bedroom (3) Living room (3) Room amenity (3) Where is Hostel Urby Most Popular Landmarks Central Plaza Ladprao10.5 km Rajamangala Stadium12.5 km Grand Palace2.2 km MBK Center2.5 km Thanon Khao San2.6 km Patpong Night Market2.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Hua Lamphong Railway Station1.0 km Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop1.4 km Bangkok Wat Saket 11.6 km Bangkok Chakrabongse Palace1.7 km Bangkok Sukhumvit 7110.1 km Bangkok Bangkok South Bus Terminal (Sai Tai Mai)10.2 km FAQs when booking at Hostel Urby How close is Hostel Urby to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 22.2 km drive between Hostel Urby and Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Hostel Urby? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hostel Urby guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. How close is Hostel Urby from the Bangkok city center? The center of Chinatown, Bangkok, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Hostel Urby. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Hostel Urby using any means of transportation. What is the Hostel Urby phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hostel Urby please call +66 928 834 971. Does Hostel Urby have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hostel Urby has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hostel Urby? Hostel Urby check-out time is 10:30 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hostel Urby, Bangkok? Usually Hostel Urby room prices are around C$ 20/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 11/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hostel Urby? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hostel Urby restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Hostel Urby Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
