https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hostal_Paraiso_Barcelona.htm
Hostal Paraiso, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hostal Paraiso Hostal Paraiso Hostel Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 816 reviews 7.6 C$ 27 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hostal Paraiso Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hostal Paraiso Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. This chic hotel offers... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 933 299 378 All policies Amenities at Hostal Paraiso Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Adults only Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Socket near the bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Outdoor dining area City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hostal Paraiso Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Hostal Paraiso Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Niu Barcelona 8.2 Excellent Rambla Del Raval 8, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Niu Barcelona Hotel provides easy access to Barcelona's main sightseeing and retail areas. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a concierge. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Barcelona Universal 8.4 Excellent Del Paral.lel, Del 76-78, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool and stylish rooms, this hotel is set in the centre of Barcelona. It provides city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Ronda House 8.5 Excellent C/San Erasme 19, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Ronda House allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Bcnsporthostels 6.3 Good Carrer Perill, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain This Barcelona hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Diagonal Metro Station. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hostal Paraiso 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 819 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.3Families 7.6Friends 7.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hostal Paraiso All photos (39) Bedroom (12) Patio (6) Outdoors view (4) Attractions (2) Where is Hostal Paraiso Most Popular Landmarks Sant Pau del Camp0.4 km La Rambla0.8 km Palau Guell0.8 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.2 km Parc de Joan Miró1.4 km L’Aquàrium1.6 km Getting Around Barcelona Comte d'Urgell-Floridablanca0.5 km Barcelona Paral·lel0.6 km Barcelona Gran Via/Urgell0.7 km Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.9 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat1.0 km Barcelona1.2 km FAQs when booking at Hostal Paraiso Is pricing at Hostal Paraiso comparable to 2 star hotels in Barcelona? Hotels in Barcelona that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 152/night, but on average, Hostal Paraiso is available for 58% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hostal Paraiso for C$ 86/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Barcelona. How close is Hostal Paraiso to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With no traffic, the 11.2 km drive between Hostal Paraiso and Barcelona-El Prat Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 08m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hostal Paraiso? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at Hostal Paraiso where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hostal Paraiso from the Barcelona city center? Hostal Paraiso is 0.4 km away from the center of El Raval, Barcelona. Consider visiting Sagrada Familia, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hostal Paraiso by various forms of transportation. What is the Hostal Paraiso phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 933 299 378. Does Hostal Paraiso have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hostal Paraiso has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hostal Paraiso? The standard check-out time at Hostal Paraiso is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hostal Paraiso, Barcelona? On average, guests have been paying C$ 86 per night to stay at Hostal Paraiso. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 17 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hostal Paraiso have a laundry service? Hostal Paraiso does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hostal Paraiso from Placa d'Espanya? Hostal Paraiso is a walkable distance (1.3 km) from Placa d'Espanya, Barcelona. Is Hostal Paraiso close to Passeig de Gracia? Walking distance - there’s 1.7 km between Passeig de Gracia and Hostal Paraiso. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hostal Paraiso Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
