https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hostel_Sleep_Inn.htm
Hostel Centraal, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Hostel Centraal Hostel Centraal Hostel Plantage Kerklaan 19, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands C$ 233 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hostel Centraal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hostel Centraal Conveniently positioned, Hostel Sleep Inn offers easy access to Amsterdam's best sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. Bicycle... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 203 301 331 All policies Amenities at Hostel Centraal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available 24hr front desk Storage available Parking (surcharge) Activities Bicycle rental Services Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Hostel Centraal Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Hostel Centraal Lancaster Hotel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Plantage Middenlaan 48, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Amsterdam. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Wittenberg by Cove 9.1 Excellent Nieuwe Kerkstraat 157, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Wittenberg allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best tourist attractions. Guests can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hotel Parklane 7.5 Good Plantage Parklaan 16, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Amsterdam. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Amsterdam Centre Stopera 7.9 Good Valkenburgerstraat 68, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Amsterdam. It is ideally located for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Hostel Centraal All photos (50) Bedroom (34) Bathroom (8) Restaurant (2) Other (2) Where is Hostel Centraal Most Popular Landmarks NEMO0.8 km Royal Palace Amsterdam1.6 km Heineken Experience1.6 km Rijksmuseum1.9 km Anne Frank Huis2.1 km Westerpark3.2 km Getting Around Amsterdam Plantage Lepellaan0.1 km Amsterdam Artis0.1 km Amsterdam Plantage Parklaan0.2 km Amsterdam Valkenburgerstraat0.5 km Amsterdam Nieuwe Keizersgracht0.6 km Amsterdam 's-Gravesandestraat0.6 km FAQs when booking at Hostel Centraal How close is Hostel Centraal to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? With no traffic, the 11.8 km drive between Hostel Centraal and Amsterdam Schiphol Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Hostel Centraal? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hostel Centraal guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Hostel Centraal from the Amsterdam city center? The center of Weesperbuurt en Plantage, Amsterdam, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Hostel Centraal. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rijksmuseum, which you can get to from Hostel Centraal using any means of transportation. What is the Hostel Centraal phone number? The best way to contact Hostel Centraal is by calling +31 203 301 331. Does Hostel Centraal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hostel Centraal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hostel Centraal? Hostel Centraal check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Is there a restaurant at Hostel Centraal? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hostel Centraal restaurant. Opening times may vary. How far is Hostel Centraal from Van Gogh Museum? You can walk to Van Gogh Museum while staying at Hostel Centraal - you’ll be about 2.2 km away. Is Hostel Centraal close to Anne Frank Huis? Hostel Centraal is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Anne Frank Huis, which is 2.1 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Hostel Centraal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
