https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Ziggo_Dome.htm
Hotels near Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam - Amazing Deals Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam Search and compare hotels near Ziggo Dome from hundreds of travel sites and save Ziggo Dome - Amsterdam, Netherlands 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Ziggo Dome - Amsterdam, Netherlands Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Amsterdam-Zuidoost Hotels Ziggo Dome Hotels Tips for booking hotels in Ziggo Dome Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: April Average price in Ziggo Dome: C$ 196/night Cheapest price found: C$ 115/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 123 - C$ 284 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 186 - C$ 382 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated hotels near Ziggo Dome Show all 8 hotels 1 Holiday Inn Amsterdam - Arena Towers 7.8 Good Hoogoorddreef 66, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.7 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This relaxed hotel in Amsterdam offers free wireless internet, as well as meeting rooms and a coffee bar. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within walking distance of Amsterdam Bijlmer ArenA Railway Station. View Deals 2 Jaz Amsterdam 8.7 Excellent De Passage 90, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Featuring a sauna, Jaz Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam and is a five-minute stroll from Ziggo Dome. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. View Deals 3 Courtyard by Marriott Amsterdam Arena Atlas 8.2 Excellent Hoogoorddreef 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Courtyard by Marriott Amsterdam Arena Atlas provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. Only a short stroll from Heineken Music Hall, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with a mini bar, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. View Deals 4 Hampton by Hilton Amsterdam / Arena Boulevard 8.1 Excellent Hoekenrode 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard provides modern 3-star accommodation in Amsterdam. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals 5 Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam - Arena Towers 7.9 Good Hoogoorddreef 66b, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam Arena Towers is located in Amsterdam and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 6 a&o Amsterdam Zuidoost 7.6 Good Hogehilweg 22, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 8.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and restaurants, A&O Amsterdam Zuidoost is ideal for those wishing to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam Show all 8 hotels Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Hostelle - female only hostel Amsterdam 8.4 Excellent 395 Bijlmerplein, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.5 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Hostelle - female only hostel is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Heineken Music Hall. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and bicycle rental. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Budget Guesthouse Charlotte Brontéstraat 319, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands The guest house is located in Amsterdam and is close to Amsterdam Arena. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Ozo Hotels Arena Amsterdam 7.5 Good Karspeldreef 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Ozo Hotel is located in Amsterdam and offers a rooftop terrace. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals easyHotel Amsterdam Arena Boulevard 7.4 Good Johan Cruijff Boulevard 129, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 7.5 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located within walking distance of Duivendrecht Railway Station, easyHotel Amsterdam Arena Boulevard provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Amsterdam. It is also a short stroll from Amsterdam Arena and Heineken Music Hall, and is close to many of the area's attractions. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Levell 8.3 Excellent Hullenbergweg 353, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 8.5 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Hotel Lowell is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides limited hours room service, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Joy 7.6 Good Hullenbergweg 385, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Joy Hotel Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and luggage storage. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Bed And Breakfast Zuid Oost Heesterveld / Bnb Zoh 8.6 Excellent 17 Heesterveld, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Bed and Breakfast Zuid Oost Heesterveld / BnB ZOH is set in Amsterdam and is within a 10-minute walk of Bullewijk Metro Station. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Ziggo Dome 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Amsterdam Budget Guesthouse Charlotte Brontéstraat 319, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands C$ 62 View Deal #2 Most popular a&o Amsterdam Zuidoost Hogehilweg 22, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.6 C$ 232 View Deal Best value Via Amsterdam 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.0 C$ 28 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Hampton by Hilton Amsterdam / Arena Boulevard Hoekenrode 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.1 C$ 142 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Joy Hullenbergweg 385, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.6 C$ 103 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Ozo Hotels Arena Amsterdam Karspeldreef 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.5 C$ 84 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Ziggo Dome Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels near popular Ziggo Dome airports Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Eindhoven Airport Rotterdam The Hague Airport Hotels near popular Ziggo Dome landmarks Universiteit van Amsterdam Amsterdam Old Town Olympisch Stadion AFAS Live De 9 Straatjes Amsterdam RAI Warmoesstraat Hotels in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam hotels Utrecht hotels Rotterdam hotels Zaandam hotels Haarlem hotels Badhoevedorp hotels Schiphol hotels Holten hotels Arnhem hotels The Hague hotels Show more Hotels in popular the Netherlands regions North Holland Utrecht Zuid-Holland Limburg Noord-Brabant Friesland Groningen Drenthe Gelderland Zeeland Hotels in popular Ziggo Dome neighbourhoods Jordaan, Amsterdam hotels Oude Pijp, Amsterdam hotels Kolenkit District, Amsterdam hotels Zeeburg, Amsterdam hotels De Weteringschans, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Noord, Amsterdam hotels Centrum, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam Nieuw-West, Amsterdam hotels Westpoort, Amsterdam hotels Vacation rentals in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam vacation rentals Utrecht vacation rentals Rotterdam vacation rentals Haarlem vacation rentals Holten vacation rentals Arnhem vacation rentals The Hague vacation rentals Maastricht vacation rentals Zandvoort vacation rentals Alkmaar vacation rentals Show more About Ziggo Dome Named for the Dutch cable TV provider, the Ziggo Dome is the largest entertainment venue in both Amsterdam and the Netherlands, with the capacity to seat 17,000 people per event. It is located to the south of the city centre, alongside a major football stadium, the Amsterdam Arena, as well as the Heineken Music Hall. In addition to the Ziggo Dome’s main arena where most of the action takes place, it also has a small hall with the capacity to fit up to 800 people that is connected to the main arena via an air bridge. It’s ideal for after parties or smaller concerts, and there’s also a private VIP balcony and backstage area. The Ziggo Dome has four different bars for guests to socialise, as well as fourteen different food outlets, spread out across its floors. The Ziggo Dome’s famous 3.5-metre high Coca Cola vending machine is situated on the ground floor, together with a Wifi Zone where DJs play before shows and photos of concert-goers are projected onto a large LED screen. There’s a chill-out zone operated by LG where visitors can relax and take in a range of entertainment before the show, and merchandise stalls where t-shirts and memorabilia can be purchased. The Ziggo Dome can be accessed by both metro and bus, with the main transport hub of Bijlmer Arena located just a short walk from the entrance. Alternatively, there’s plenty of parking located just to the west of the Ziggo Dome and bike parking facilities available onsite. The Ziggo Dome opened in June 2012 to provide a venue for leading artists from across the globe to perform. Since that day, it has hosted the likes of The Eagles, Pearl Jam and One Direction, as well as Beyonce, Madonna and Adele. Facts about staying in Ziggo Dome What are the best hotels near Ziggo Dome? 5,432 reviews rated Ozo Hotels Arena Amsterdam with an average score of 7.5/10. It may also be worth looking into the Hampton by Hilton Amsterdam / Arena Boulevard, which received a rating of 8.1/10 from 6,623 reviews. Hotel Joy could be another great option, with a score of 7.6/10 from 6,036 reviews. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Amsterdam-Zuidoost Hotels Ziggo Dome Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
