https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Victoria_Toronto.htm
Hotel Victoria, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Hotel Victoria Hotel Victoria Hotel 56 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 443 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Victoria Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Victoria Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is located in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from the Hockey Hall of... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 19.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 363 1666 All policies Amenities at Hotel Victoria Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Parking Hairdryer Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Safe Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Victoria Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 583 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 661 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 556 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Hotel Victoria Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto 7.8 Good 8 Colborne Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Established in 2005 and located in Toronto, Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto offers ski in/out facilities, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool, as well as views of Financial District. This unique hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals One King West Hotel & Residence 8.5 Excellent 1 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, One King West Hotel and Residence allows for easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Planet Traveler Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 343 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Hotel Victoria All photos (22) Bedroom (16) Building (2) Lobby (2) Bathroom (1) Where is Hotel Victoria Most Popular Landmarks Union Station0.4 km Scotiabank Arena0.5 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.6 km Massey Hall0.7 km Toronto Eaton Centre0.7 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.9 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station0.4 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre0.9 km Toronto Union - Bus1.0 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.3 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.5 km Toronto Weston12.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Victoria How close is Hotel Victoria to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 19.7 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Victoria. The average expected drive time from Hotel Victoria to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hotel Victoria? Hotel Victoria has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Toronto, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Victoria from the Toronto city center? Hotel Victoria is 0.3 km away from the center of Financial District, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Victoria by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Victoria phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Victoria at +1 416 363 1666. Does Hotel Victoria have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Victoria has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Victoria? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel Victoria. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Victoria? Hotel Victoria does have a restaurant. Does Hotel Victoria have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Victoria, Toronto. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hotel Victoria from Rogers Centre? Hotel Victoria is a good place to stay to see Rogers Centre. It’s 1.2 km away. Is Hotel Victoria close to Royal Ontario Museum? Hotel Victoria is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Ontario Museum, which is 2.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Hotel Victoria Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
