https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/hotelF1_Paris_Porte_de_Montmartre_Hotel.htm
Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Hotel 29 Rue Du Docteur Babinski, Paris, France GoodBased on 8,501 reviews 6.1 C$ 49 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces HotelF1 Paris Porte de Montmartre Hotel provides a cosy setting while in Paris. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a lift. The cosy rooms at the hotel offer wireless internet ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.8 km Rating 6.1 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 8 91 70 53 50 All policies Amenities at Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Entire unit wheelchair accessible Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Family rooms Fire extinguisher Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Elevator Flat-screen TV Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shared toilet Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Heating Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Services Daily housekeeping 24-hour security Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,526 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,830 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 597 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 335 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Le Montclair Montmartre by Hiphophostels 6.7 Good 62 Rue Ramey, Paris, France Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station, Le Montclair Montmartre by River Hotels provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Paris 17 Clichy-Batignolles 6.3 Good 10 Rue Bernard Buffet, Paris, France Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Situated in Paris, ibis Paris 17 Clichy-Batignolles ex Berthier offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a heated pool and a sauna. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.9 Good 20 Rue d'Orsel, Paris, France Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel This Paris hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Ballu 9.2 Excellent 30 Rue Ballu, Paris, France Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Providing an indoor pool and a sauna, Hotel Le Ballu is located in Paris and is a short stroll from Place de Clichy and the Moulin Rouge. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 303 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.1 OkayBased on 8,501 verified guest reviews 6.1Couples 6.2Friends 5.9Solo 6.1Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces All photos (40) Bedroom (15) Room amenity (5) Bathroom (4) Other (4) Where is Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Most Popular Landmarks Cimetière de Montmartre1.5 km Galeries Lafayette3.1 km Champs-Elysées3.9 km Arc De Triomphe4.1 km Palais des Congres de Paris4.4 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee4.4 km Getting Around Paris Porte de Saint-Ouen0.1 km Paris Porte de Clichy1.5 km Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles1.6 km Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt1.8 km Paris Pont de Sèvres10.9 km Paris Place de Clichy2.0 km FAQs when booking at Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces How close is Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At just 20.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces? Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 40/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces during their stay. How close is Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces from the Paris city center? Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces is 1.4 km away from the center of Clignancourt, Paris. Consider visiting Champs-Elysées, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces phone number? The best way to contact Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces is by calling +33 8 91 70 53 50. Does Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces, Paris? Prices at Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 57, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 43. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
