https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Lisbon_City_Centre.htm
Hotels near Lisbon City Hall, Lisbon - Amazing Deals on 4,268 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Lisbon City Hall, Lisbon Search and compare hotels near Lisbon City Hall from hundreds of travel sites and save Lisbon City Hall - Lisbon, Portugal 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Lisbon City Hall - Lisbon, Portugal Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Baixa Hotels Lisbon City Hall Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Lisbon City Hall Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Hf Fenix Lisboa 8.2 Excellent Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,758 reviews 8.2 Located near local attractions, HF Fenix Lisboa showcases views of Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Marques of Pombal Metro Station. View Deals Botânico Hotel 8.6 Excellent Rua Mae De Agua, 16 20, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,476 reviews 8.6 Situated a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Botanico Lisbon offers guests a convenient base when visiting Lisbon. It is located just a short stroll from many popular bars, clubs and restaurants. View Deals Hf Fenix Music 8.7 Excellent Rua Joaquim António de Aguiar, 5, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,264 reviews 8.7 Situated amongst well-known attractions, boutiques and eateries, HF Fenix Music is ideal for guests wanting to discover Lisbon and its surroundings. The multiple facilities this themed hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and room service. View Deals Hotel Mundial 8.4 Excellent Praça Martim Moniz, 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 8,211 reviews 8.4 Situated just a five-minute walk from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Mundial Lisbon provides guests with an ideal base when in Lisbon. It has free wireless internet access and features a roof terrace with panoramic city views. View Deals Hotel Excelsior 6.7 Good Rua Rodrigues Sampaio, 172, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal GoodBased on 2,604 reviews 6.7 Located a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Excelsior Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. View Deals Hf Fenix Garden 8.6 Excellent Rua Joaquim Antonio de Aguiar, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,046 reviews 8.6 HF Fenix Garden is located amongst Lisbon's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short walk from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu 9.0 Excellent Rua Dom Duarte, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,871 reviews 9.0 Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station. It is close to Rossio Square, shops and nightlife options. View Deals All 4,268 hotels near Lisbon City Hall Top Rated hotels near Lisbon City Hall Show all 4,268 hotels 1 Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. View Deals 2 Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. View Deals 3 GS Chiado Boutique Studios & Suites 8.7 Excellent Rua Ivens, N. 49 3. Esq, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Lisbon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and luggage storage. View Deals 4 Lisbon Dreams Guest House Rua Rodrigo Da Fonseca 29 1, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Marques of Pombal Metro Station, Lisbon Dreams Guest House offers guests an ideal base when in Lisbon. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. View Deals 5 Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. View Deals 6 Casa Oliver Príncipe Real 7.8 Good Princípe Real º25, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated amongst a variety of tourist attractions, shops and eateries, Casa Oliver Boutique B&B - Principe Real is ideal for those wishing to explore Lisbon and its surroundings. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. View Deals 7 Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. View Deals 8 Casa do Bairro by Shiadu 9.0 Excellent Beco Do Caldeira, 1, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated amongst well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and eateries, Casa do Bairro by Shiadu is ideal for guests wanting to discover Lisbon and its surroundings. It also offers babysitting/child services, massage services and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Lisbon City Hall, Lisbon Show all 4,268 hotels Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Heart Apartments Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station, Lisbon Heart Apartments is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Myroom Lisboa Rua Nova da Trindade, 22, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated in the city centre, MyRoom Lisboa offers easy access to Lisbon's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel 4U Rua Da Madalena,96, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located within a 10-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station, Hostel 4U is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It is close to Lisbon Cathedral, restaurants and shops. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Inn Rossio 7.7 Good Rua 1 De Dezembro N 73, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Inn Rossio Hotel is located amongst Lisbon's well-known shops and boutiques, just a short walk from Rossio Railway Station. Only a short walk from Santa Justa Lift, it provides retro rooms equipped with a fax machine, a refrigerator and a radio. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals DownTown Guest house 7.1 Good Rua 1º Dezembro 33, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of Lisbon, DownTown Guest House Lisbon is situated near Rossio Railway Station, and provides easy access to local restaurants and bars. The guest house offers a rooftop terrace, as well as rooms with private terraces. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Borges Chiado 7.9 Good Rua Garrett, 108-110, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, Hotel Borges Chiado allows for easy access to Lisbon's main sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a coffee bar, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Lisbon City Hall 3 stars #1 Most popular Botânico Hotel Rua Mae De Agua, 16 20, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.6 C$ 89 View Deal #2 Most popular Hf Fenix Music Rua Joaquim António de Aguiar, 5, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.7 C$ 100 View Deal Best value Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal C$ 12 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Hf Fenix Lisboa Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.2 C$ 96 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Mundial Praça Martim Moniz, 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.4 C$ 130 View Deal Best value Hotel 3K Madrid Rua Conde De Redondo, 24, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 7.4 C$ 73 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Lisbon City Hall Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Vacation rentals in popular Portugal cities Lisbon vacation rentals Ponta Delgada vacation rentals Porto vacation rentals Funchal vacation rentals Faro vacation rentals Albufeira vacation rentals Lagos vacation rentals Portimão vacation rentals Setúbal vacation rentals Tomar vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular Portugal cities Lisbon hotels Ponta Delgada hotels Porto hotels Funchal hotels Faro hotels Albufeira hotels Lagos hotels Portimão hotels Setúbal hotels Tomar hotels Show more Hotels near popular Lisbon City Hall landmarks Chiado Edward VII Park Lisbon Oriente Station Praça de Touros do Campo Pequeno Cidade Baixa Hotels in popular Lisbon City Hall neighbourhoods Benfica, Lisbon hotels São Domingos de Benfica, Lisbon hotels Olivais, Lisbon hotels Arroios, Lisbon hotels Alvalade, Lisbon hotels Campo Grande, Lisbon hotels Avenidas Novas, Lisbon hotels Santos-o-Velho, Lisbon hotels Parque das Nações, Lisbon hotels Alcântara, Lisbon hotels Show more Hotels in popular Portugal regions Lisbon District Faro Azores Porto Madeira Setubal Leiria Santarem Coimbra Aveiro Show more Hotels near popular Lisbon City Hall airports Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport About Lisbon City Hall Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal, is built on seven hills. It is a city which has experienced a renaissance of late, with shops, upmarket beach resorts, chic restaurants and lively nightlife. Although the city is moving with the times, there are historical aspects to Lisbon city centre which will delight travellers. The ornate churches and monuments, the charming trams which transport visitors up and down the hillside, and the hidden bars come alive with Fado music. The area of Rossio could be classified as the heart of Lisbon’s centre. It is the main square in Lisbon and a common meeting place for locals. There’s much to see and do in the city centre. Take a walk to the main historic sites, such as Jeronimo’s Monastery, Torre de Belém and Castelo de São Jorge. The monastery is architecturally striking, as it’s a great example of the Portuguese Late Gothic Manueline style of architecture. In 1983, it was classified a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with the Tower of Belém. Castelo de São Jorge occupies a commanding hilltop space in the historic centre of Lisbon. The Moorish citadel overlooks the city and the River Tagus. Dating back to medieval times, it is one of the most interesting and popular sites to visit. To gain another wonderful city perspective, venture to the Santa Justa Lift. Located in the historical centre, it connects the lower streets of Baixa with elevated Carmo Square. Alternatively, another way to reach the top of the city is to travel by tram. The old-style trams hark back to a Lisbon of old. Travel upwards through the cobbled streets passing pavement side cafes, wrought iron balconied apartments and independent shops. Lisbon comes alive at night, while the views of the bridge and river are stunning as the city illuminates. Venture into the city side streets to discover a variety of seafood restaurants, charming bars and live Portuguese folk music. Getting around Lisbon city centre is easy. It’s compact, and most of the main attractions are within a short walk of each other. If arriving from the airport, metro and bus lines are frequent and take half an hour to reach city centre stations. Taxis and Uber are also available. Trams, buses, ferries and metros operate throughout the city. Islamic Moors conquered Lisbon in 714, and they invaded the Iberian Peninsula.Portugal then became known as the Emirate of Córdoba. The city remained in their possession until 1147, when Christian crusaders recaptured the city. Lisbon flourished during the 15th and 16th centuries during the era of Portuguese discoveries.The city’s wealth from these times can still be seen today in many of the incredible structures. Facts about staying in Lisbon City Hall What are the best hotels near Lisbon City Hall? Lisbon City Hall is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Sofitel Lisbon Liberdade, which has a current rating of 8.5. For other potential stays, consider Altis Grand Hotel and Casas de São Bento, which can also be great places to stay near Lisbon City Hall. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Baixa Hotels Lisbon City Hall Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
