https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Taksim.htm
Hotels near Taksim, Istanbul - Amazing Deals on 2,014 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Taksim, Istanbul Search and compare hotels near Taksim from hundreds of travel sites and save Taksim - Istanbul, Turkey 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Taksim - Istanbul, Turkey Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 Beyoglu Hotels Taksim Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Taksim Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Radisson Blu Hotel, Istanbul Pera 7.5 Good Evliya Celebi Mah. Refik Saydam Cad. No 19 Tepebasi Taksim, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 2,050 reviews 7.5 Situated in the city centre, Radisson Blu Hotel Istanbul Pera provides easy access to Istanbul's main sightseeing and retail areas. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Botanica Fitness and Spa and Botanica Fitness and Spa. View Deals Metropolitan Hotels Bosphorus 8.5 Excellent Purtelas Hasan Efendi Mahallesi, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,414 reviews 8.5 Located in Istanbul, Metropolitan Hotels Bosphorus is a short drive from the Hagia Sophia and provides private parking on site. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Mercure Istanbul Bomonti 6.6 Good A: Ergenekon, Cad.no:62/a Bomonti, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 26 reviews 6.6 Mercure Istanbul Bomonti provides 5-star accommodation in Istanbul. It also features an indoor pool, a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. View Deals 10 Karakoy Istanbul 8.5 Excellent Kemeralti Caddesi No: 10, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,336 reviews 8.5 Conveniently situated, 10 Karakoy Istanbul offers easy access to Istanbul's best hot spots. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. View Deals Istanbul Golden City Hotel 8.1 Excellent Tersane Cad. No. 111, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 872 reviews 8.1 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It also offers a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Levanten Hostel 6.5 Good Cihangir Mahallesi Purtelas Sok No: 42, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 154 reviews 6.5 Set in the heart of the city, Levanten Hostel offers easy access to Istanbul's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Manesol Boutique Galata 8.0 Excellent Arapcamii Mah Bankalar Cad. Billur Sok No:1 A Karakoy, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,029 reviews 8.0 Conveniently positioned, Manesol Boutique Galata allows for easy access to Istanbul's main sightseeing areas. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and a rooftop terrace. View Deals Crowne Plaza Istanbul - Harbiye 7.2 Good Dolapdere Caddesi No.161, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 490 reviews 7.2 Set in Sisli, Crowne Plaza Istanbul Harbiye is within a 10-minute walk of the Istanbul Military Museum. Some of the popular features at this modern 5-star hotel include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. View Deals All 2,014 hotels near Taksim Top Rated hotels near Taksim Show all 2,014 hotels 1 Taksim Metropark Hotel 8.0 Excellent Osmanli Sok No:4 - Taksim, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It provides free wireless internet and is steps from Taksim Square and well-known attractions. View Deals 2 Ada Karakoy Hotel - Special Category 9.0 Excellent Kemankes Mah. Gümrük Sk. No:18, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Istanbul. It offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals 3 Walton Hotels Galata 9.4 Excellent Bereketzade Mah. Şair Eşref Paşa Sokak No:4, Galata Beyoğlu, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. Just a short walk from Galata Tower, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator and a mini bar. View Deals 4 The Galata Istanbul Hotel - MGallery 8.3 Excellent Arap Camii Mahallesi Bankalar, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It provides a fitness centre, as well as massage services, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 5 Palazzo Donizetti Hotel - Special Class 7.9 Good Asmali Mescit Mh.Mesrutiye Caddesi. N85, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Istanbul. It also offers an indoor pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 6 Rixos Pera Istanbul 8.6 Excellent Kamerhatun Mah.Mesrutiyet Cad.No 44, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It has a day spa, as well as a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. View Deals 7 Taksim Diamond Hotel 7.4 Good Asmalı Mescit Mahellesi Balyoz Sokak no 3 Beyoğlu no 3, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently situated, taksim diamond hotel offers easy access to Istanbul's main hot spots. It also provides free wireless internet. View Deals 8 Istanbul Dora Hotel 6.4 Good Eskisehir Mah. Dolapdere Cad No:33 Sisli, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It also provides 24-hour room service, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Taksim, Istanbul Show all 2,014 hotels Puffin Hostel - Istanbul 8.0 Excellent Sinanpasa Mah. Ihlamurdere Cd. Celebioglu Sk. No:11 Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Puffin Hostel - Istanbul is located in Istanbul and is a short walk from the Sinan Pasha Mosque. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Paxx Istanbul Hotel & Hostel - Adults Only 4.4 Okay Firuzaga Mah. Cezayir Sok. No: 2/A Beyoglu, Beyoğlu, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Centrally located, Paxx Istanbul Hotel & Hostel allows for easy access to Istanbul's popular tourist and retail hot spots. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a sun deck and a swimming pool. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Bella Vista Hostel 7.3 Good Bülbül Mahallesi, Turan Cd. No 50, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hostel makes for an excellent base in Istanbul. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Taksim City Hostel 7.5 Good Bulbul Turan Cd no86, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It is located a brief stroll from the Monument of the Republic, Istiklal Avenue and Taksim Square. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Chambers Of The Boheme 7.9 Good Küçük Parmak Kapi Sokak No:13, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located centrally, Chambers of the Boheme allows for easy access to Istanbul's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also benefit from complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals La bella hotel 7.7 Good Shahet Muhtar Mahalasi, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It is situated in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Monument of the Republic. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Stay Inn Taksim Hostel 8.4 Excellent Kamer Hatun Mah. Balik Sokak No7, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hostel makes for an excellent base in Istanbul. It is moments from Istiklal Avenue, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Wabi Sabi Hostel Istanbul 8.7 Excellent Papa Roncalli Sokak No: 34, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Situated in Sisli, Bunk Hostel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including the Istanbul Military Museum. This modern hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Taksim 3 stars #1 Most popular Luce Di Pera Balik Sokak No : 13 Taksim, Beyoglu, Istanbul, Turkey C$ 72 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Next2 Kuloglu Mah. Turnacibasi Sok. Kocaaga Sok. No.10 Taksim / Beyoglu, Istanbul, Turkey 8.2 C$ 75 View Deal Best value Taksim City Hostel Bulbul Turan Cd no86, Istanbul, Turkey 7.5 C$ 15 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Intercontinental Istanbul, An IHG Hotel Asker Ocagi Cad No: 1 Taksim, Istanbul, Turkey 8.5 C$ 246 View Deal #2 Most popular The Elysium Istanbul Inonu Mahallesi Yedikuyular Caddesi Harbiye Cayiri Sokak No:4 Istanbul City Centre Beyoglu, Sisli, Istanbul, Istanbul, Turkey 7.6 C$ 149 View Deal Best value CVK Taksim Hotel Istanbul Siraselviler Cad. no:11, Istanbul, Turkey 8.0 C$ 169 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Taksim Hotels near popular Taksim airports Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen Airport Vacation rentals in popular Turkey cities Istanbul vacation rentals Antalya vacation rentals Bodrum vacation rentals Izmir vacation rentals Belek vacation rentals Marmaris vacation rentals Kusadasi vacation rentals Mersin (Icel) vacation rentals Cesme vacation rentals Ankara vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Taksim landmarks Cevahir AVM Taksim Square Kapaliçarşi Istanbul City Centre Sultan Ahmet Camii Ayasofya Florya Plaji Sultanahmet Meydani Bosphorus Bridge Hotels in popular Turkey cities Istanbul hotels Antalya hotels Bodrum hotels Göynük hotels Izmir hotels Göreme hotels Belek hotels Marmaris hotels Kusadasi hotels Mersin (Icel) hotels Show more Hotels in popular Turkey regions Istanbul Province Antalya Province Mugla Province Izmir Province Nevsehir Province Aydin Province Mersin Province Bursa Province Ankara Province Denizli Province Show more Hotels in popular Taksim neighbourhoods Uskudar, Istanbul hotels Kadikoy, Istanbul hotels Maltepe, Istanbul hotels Sultanahmet, Istanbul hotels Asian Side, Istanbul hotels Atasehir, Istanbul hotels Basaksehir, Istanbul hotels Gaziosmanpasa, Istanbul hotels Sancaktepe, Istanbul hotels Cekmekoy, Istanbul hotels Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About Taksim Taksim is a vibrant neighbourhood set in the heart of Istanbul. A hub for shopping, dining, nightlife and entertainment, it’s one of the most exciting districts in the city. Stroll along the pedestrianised boulevard, ride the famous vintage tram and take in the views from a rooftop restaurant. Things to do in Taksim Taksim Square is the beating heart of the neighbourhood and a symbol of the city. The Republic Monument towers over the square and pays tribute to beloved Turkish statesman Ataturk, as well as other leaders. The northern side of the square is bordered by Gezi Park, a former Ottoman military base that’s been reimagined as an urban oasis filled with trees and flowers. Pedestrianised Istiklal Caddesi cuts through Taksim and is lined with handsome 19th-century buildings. Many have been reclaimed as shops, cinemas and cultural centres. Don’t miss SALT Beyoğlu, a modern art museum with several galleries and a sun-drenched indoor garden on the top floor. Others house lively cafes, bars and bistros. Riding the vintage tram along Istiklal Caddesi is a signature Taksim experience. Side streets branch off Istiklal Caddesi and boast a treasure trove of independent boutiques and antique stores. Taksim is home to some of the best rooftop restaurants in the city, where you can enjoy delicious Turkish cuisine and breathtaking views over the Bosphorus Strait. Just north of Taksim Square, you’ll find a pair of stylish neighbourhoods called Teşvikiye and Nişantaşı. Stroll along tree-lined streets dotted with upscale boutiques and enjoy lunch at an elegant sidewalk cafe. Getting around Taksim Taksim is pedestrian-friendly and easy to get around on foot, while trams run along Istiklal Caddesi and connect Taksim Square with Tunel Square. Taksim Station is serviced by the M2 line of the Istanbul Metro. It’s also a main stop on the Kabataş-Taksim Funicular line. Kabataş Ferry Terminal is a 20-minute walk from Taksim Square and Istanbul Ataturk Airport is a 30-minute drive away. Facts about staying in Taksim What are the best hotels near Taksim? One of the most popular hotels near Taksim is Georges Hotel Galata, which has been reviewed by 151 users and currently has a rating of 8.7/10. Other top-rated locations include Novotel Istanbul Karakoy and W Istanbul, which have received 8.2/10 and 8.3/10 ratings from our users, respectively. Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 Beyoglu Hotels Taksim Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
