https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Barcelona_City_Centre.htm
Hotels near Barcelona City Centre, Barcelona - Amazing Deals on 1,671 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Barcelona City Centre, Barcelona Search and compare hotels near Barcelona City Centre from hundreds of travel sites and save Barcelona City Centre - Barcelona, Spain 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Barcelona City Centre - Barcelona, Spain Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Barcelona City Centre Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Barcelona City Centre Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hotel Jazz 9.0 Excellent Pelai 3, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,496 reviews 9.0 Centrally located in Barcelona, Hotel Jazz is just minutes on foot from Placa de Catalunya Metro Station and offers a rooftop pool. It provides city views and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Ako Suites Hotel 8.2 Excellent Carrer De La Diputacio, 195, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 603 reviews 8.2 Set in Barcelona, Ako Suites Hotel is a five-minute walk from University of Barcelona and features a rooftop pool and free Wi-Fi. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Oriente Atiram 7.8 Good La Ramblas, 45, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 3,341 reviews 7.8 Centrally located, Oriente Atiram allows for easy access to Barcelona's main tourist and retail hot spots. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. View Deals Hotel Barcelona Universal 8.4 Excellent Del Paral.lel, Del 76-78, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,034 reviews 8.4 Featuring a rooftop pool and stylish rooms, this hotel is set in the centre of Barcelona. It provides city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. View Deals Hcc St. Moritz 8.6 Excellent Diputacio 262-264, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 948 reviews 8.6 Set in Barcelona City Centre, this 4-star hotel is moments from the Casa Batllo. It is situated a short stroll from La Rambla, Placa de Catalunya and Passeig de Gracia. View Deals Barcelona House 7.8 Good Carrer Dels Escudellers, 19, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 4,590 reviews 7.8 Set in the heart of the city, Hotel Barcelona House provides easy access to Barcelona's main sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short walk from La Rambla, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with blackout curtains, an in-room safe and a flat-screen TV. View Deals Barceló Raval 8.3 Excellent Rambla Del Raval, 17-21, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,359 reviews 8.3 Conveniently situated in the heart of Barcelona, Barcelo Raval provides free Wi-Fi in all areas, a sauna and a rooftop pool. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Sant Antoni Metro Station. View Deals Eurostars Grand Marina 8.1 Excellent Moll De Barcelona S/n, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 3,897 reviews 8.1 Boasting exclusive views of Port Vell, Eurostars Grand Marina is set in the heart of Barcelona and offers a rooftop terrace, a sauna and a rooftop pool. It has free wireless internet, a bar and is moments from Port Vell Aerial Tramway. View Deals All 1,671 hotels near Barcelona City Centre Tips for booking hotels in Barcelona City Centre Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: June Average price in Barcelona City Centre: C$ 154/night Cheapest price found: C$ 15/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Thursday C$ 90 - C$ 215 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 104 - C$ 228 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated hotels near Barcelona City Centre Show all 1,671 hotels 1 NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 2 H10 Madison 9.3 Excellent C/ Dr. Joaquim Pou, 2-4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also provides a swimming pool, a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 3 Arai Aparthotel 8.9 Excellent Avinyó, 30, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain This elegant hotel is conveniently located in the city centre, and features a sauna, an outdoor pool and free wireless internet access in all areas. This rustic property is ideally situated in Barcelona City Centre. View Deals 4 Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. View Deals 5 Hotel Royal Passeig de Gracia 8.3 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 84, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Set in the heart of the city and a short walk from Passeig de Gracia, Royal Passeig de Gracia offers comfort, convenience and quality service. With views of Barcelona, the hotel also provides deluxe amenities, including a rooftop terrace. View Deals 6 Catalonia Passeig De Gracia 9.0 Excellent Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 644, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It is close to Gran Via, shops and nightlife options. View Deals 7 Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. View Deals 8 Room Mate Emma 8.9 Excellent Carrer Del Rossello 205, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Diagonal Metro Station. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Barcelona City Centre, Barcelona Show all 1,671 hotels Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Pars Tailor's Hostel 8.4 Excellent Carrer De Sepúlveda, 146, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Pars Tailor's Youth Hostel is situated in Barcelona and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Sweet Bcn Youth Hostel 8.6 Excellent Calle Bruc 123, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located in Barcelona City Centre, Sweet BCN Youth Hostel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including the Casa Batllo, Passeig de Gracia and Avinguda Diagonal. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Sun & Moon Hostel 8.3 Excellent Carrer De Ferran, 17, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Centrally located, Hostel Sun & Moon Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. Just a short walk from La Rambla, it features air-conditioned rooms with free wireless internet access. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Barcelona Central 7.2 Good Consell de Cent, 355 1ra, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in Barcelona City Centre, No Limit Hostel Central is within walking distance of several local attractions, including Placa de Catalunya and Gran Via. This modern hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Guest House Barcelona Bruc Hostel I & II 6.9 Good Carrer de Bruc 90 - 94, Entresuelo 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the popular hub of Barcelona City Centre, Guest House Barcelona Bruc I & II is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Toc Hostel Barcelona 8.6 Excellent C/ Gran Via de Les Corts Catalanes 580, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, TOC Hostel Barcelona allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Barcelona City Centre 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Toc Hostel Barcelona C/ Gran Via de Les Corts Catalanes 580, Barcelona, Spain 8.6 C$ 41 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Hotel Jazz Pelai 3, Barcelona, Spain 9.0 C$ 119 View Deal #2 Most popular Oriente Atiram La Ramblas, 45, Barcelona, Spain 7.8 C$ 92 View Deal Best value Barcelona House Carrer Dels Escudellers, 19, Barcelona, Spain 7.8 C$ 80 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Eurostars Grand Marina Moll De Barcelona S/n, Barcelona, Spain 8.1 C$ 189 View Deal #2 Most popular Ako Suites Hotel Carrer De La Diputacio, 195, Barcelona, Spain 8.2 C$ 139 View Deal Best value Hcc St. Moritz Diputacio 262-264, Barcelona, Spain 8.6 C$ 123 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Barcelona City Centre Vacation rentals in popular Spain cities Barcelona vacation rentals Madrid vacation rentals Málaga vacation rentals Granada vacation rentals Seville vacation rentals Playa de las Américas vacation rentals Ibiza vacation rentals Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Los Cristianos vacation rentals Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular Spain regions Catalonia Andalusia Madrid Canary Islands Balearic Islands Valencia Castilla-La Mancha Basque Country Galicia Castile and León Show more Hotels in popular Barcelona City Centre neighbourhoods Gothic Quarter, Barcelona hotels La Barceloneta, Barcelona hotels Sants, Barcelona hotels El Poblenou, Barcelona hotels El Camp de l'Arpa del Clot, Barcelona hotels La Sagrera, Barcelona hotels El Raval, Barcelona hotels El Poble Sec, Barcelona hotels Hostafrancs, Barcelona hotels L'Antiga Esquerra de l'Eixample, Barcelona hotels Show more Hotels in popular Spain cities Barcelona hotels Madrid hotels Málaga hotels Granada hotels Seville hotels Playa de las Américas hotels Ibiza hotels Palma de Mallorca hotels Los Cristianos hotels Santa Cruz de Tenerife hotels Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels near popular Barcelona City Centre landmarks La Rambla Barcelona Sants Railway Station Placa de Catalunya Placa d'Espanya Hotels near popular Barcelona City Centre airports Barcelona-El Prat Airport Girona Costa Brava Airport Reus Airport About Barcelona City Centre Bohemian at heart, Barcelona is one of Europe’s most intriguing cities. The City Centre sits at the centre of the action and is a fabulous place to experience the quirks of Catalan culture. The buzzing La Rambla pedestrian mall cuts through the district, stretching for 1.2 kilometres from Plaça de Catalunya to Port Vell’s Christopher Columbus Monument. Thanks to its idyllic location on Spain’s Mediterranean coast, Barcelona enjoys sultry weather year-round, which means that sipping on sangria and indulging in tapas at a terrace café is a Barcelona rite of passage. For architecture aficionados, Barcelona City Centre is a paradise. It’s peppered with a fusion of styles, from Gaudi’s extravagant “Catalan Modernism” designs to the medieval masterpieces of the Old City. As the name suggests, accessing Barcelona City Centre is easy. It’s serviced by a fantastic metro network, as well as a public bus system. From El Prat Airport, the drive takes just 15 minutes. It’s also possible to catch the metro or bus in just under one hour. Once in the city centre, the best way to soak up Barcelona’s high-energy ambience is by foot. Over the centuries, Barcelona has found itself in several different realms. In the 5th century, it was captured by invading Germanic Visigoths, who crowned it the capital of Gothic Spain. In the 8th century, it was seized by Islamic invaders, then claimed by the French in 801. Today, it stands as the capital of Spain’s Catalonia region and is considered one of Europe’s most cosmopolitan cities. Facts about staying in Barcelona City Centre What are the best hotels near Barcelona City Centre? Barcelona City Centre is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is NH Collection Barcelona Gran Hotel Calderón, which has a current rating of 8.3. For other potential stays, consider Royal Ramblas and Gran Hotel Barcino, which can also be great places to stay near Barcelona City Centre. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Barcelona City Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
