https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Arc_Elysees.htm
Hotel Arc Elysees, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Arc Elysees Hotel Arc Elysees Hotel 45 Rue Washington, Paris, France GoodBased on 753 reviews 7.7 C$ 203 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Arc Elysees Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Arc Elysees Conveniently located, Hotel Arc Elysees offers easy access to Paris's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. This cosy hotel offers a number of fa... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.5 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 23.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 45 63 69 33 All policies Amenities at Hotel Arc Elysees Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Kettle Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Arc Elysees Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotel Arc Elysees Hôtel Le Marianne 8.8 Excellent 11 Rue Paul Baudry, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Within a two minute walk of Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore, Le Marianne Hotel is located centrally in Paris. It has a gym, as well as a Turkish steam bath, free Wi-Fi and a library. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel du Collectionneur 7.1 Good 51-57 Rue de Courcelles, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Arc De Triomphe Wagram 7.9 Good 3 Rue Brey, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Paris, this 4-star property is modern and elegant. It is located a short walk from the Arc De Triomphe and Place Charles de Gaulle. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Paris City Centre, this hotel is just a short stroll from Seine and Champs-Elysees. It showcases views of Paris and provides an indoor pool. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Arc Elysees 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 753 verified guest reviews 7.8Friends 7.8Couples 7.4Solo 7.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Arc Elysees All photos (28) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (3) Living room (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Hotel Arc Elysees Most Popular Landmarks Arc De Triomphe0.7 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee0.9 km Champs-Elysées1.0 km Palais des Congres de Paris1.7 km Eiffel Tower1.9 km Galeries Lafayette2.0 km Getting Around Paris Place Charles de Gaulle/Friedland0.5 km Paris Étoile - Champs-Élysées0.7 km Paris Wagram1.2 km Paris Pont de l'Alma1.3 km Paris Pereire Levallois1.3 km Paris Place Loulou Gastè1.4 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Arc Elysees Is pricing at Hotel Arc Elysees comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? The average rate for a night at Hotel Arc Elysees is 14% less than the Paris average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Arc Elysees is typically C$ 262, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Paris. How close is Hotel Arc Elysees to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Hotel Arc Elysees is 23.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel Arc Elysees? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Arc Elysees guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. How close is Hotel Arc Elysees from the Paris city center? Hotel Arc Elysees is just 0.9 km away from the center of 8th arrondissement, Paris. From Hotel Arc Elysees you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as AccorHotels Arena. What is the Hotel Arc Elysees phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +33 1 45 63 69 33 to talk to a Hotel Arc Elysees front desk representative. Does Hotel Arc Elysees have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Arc Elysees has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Arc Elysees? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel Arc Elysees. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Arc Elysees, Paris? Prices at Hotel Arc Elysees will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 262, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 132. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Hotel Arc Elysees have a laundry service? Hotel Arc Elysees does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Hotel Arc Elysees from Champs-Elysées? Champs-Elysées in Paris is 1 km away from Hotel Arc Elysees. Is Hotel Arc Elysees close to Louvre Museum? 2.8 km - making Louvre Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Arc Elysees. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Arc Elysees Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
