https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Antillano.htm
Hotel Antillano, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Hotel Antillano Hotel Antillano Hotel Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 369 reviews 7.6 C$ 63 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Antillano Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Antillano Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. Those staying at Hotel Antillano are invited to ben... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 884 1132 All policies Amenities at Hotel Antillano Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Outdoor pool Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Antillano Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 773 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 15-minute walk of Maya Cancun Museum and Aquaworld. Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins are also within 2 mi (3 km). C$ 283 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Hotel Antillano Hotel Luma by Kavia 8.0 Excellent Calle Claveles No. 109 LT. 1,3,3-A,5, 31, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Kavia is an ideal base when visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals The Quetzal 9.5 Excellent 10 Calle Orquideas, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Cancun Bus Station, Hostel Quetzal offers guests an ideal base while visiting Cancun. This bed & breakfast is set in the heart of the city. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Parador 7.2 Good Av. Tulum No. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in Cancun, Hotel Parador is close to Cancun Bus Station and offers complimentary internet access. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a concierge. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Mundo Maya Avenida Yaxchilan, 82 Sm.25 Manzana 8 Lote 82, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Cancun hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Cancun Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 710 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Antillano 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 369 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.6Solo 7.6Couples 7.8Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Antillano All photos (21) Bedroom (5) Building (5) Pool (3) Front desk (2) Where is Hotel Antillano Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun1.9 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun11.4 km Playa Delfines12.0 km Playa Tortugas6.3 km Playa Gaviota Azul8.8 km Getting Around Cancún Autobuses del Centro0.5 km Cancún ADO Central bus station0.5 km Cancún Plaza Terra Viva1.8 km Cancún Paradisus10.1 km Cancún Museo Maya10.3 km Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort11.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Antillano How close is Hotel Antillano to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At just 14.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to Hotel Antillano is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Hotel Antillano? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 20/day and parking it at Hotel Antillano where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hotel Antillano? Yes, Hotel Antillano has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Antillano from the Cancún city center? Hotel Antillano is 2.7 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. Consider visiting Playa Delfines, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Antillano by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Antillano phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel Antillano please call +52 998 884 1132. Does Hotel Antillano have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Antillano has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Antillano? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel Antillano. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Antillano, Cancún? A good deal at Hotel Antillano right now is between C$ 48 and C$ 65 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Antillano? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hotel Antillano for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Hotel Antillano have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Antillano, Cancún. How far is Hotel Antillano from Plaza de Toros? Plaza de Toros in Cancún is 1.2 km away from Hotel Antillano. Is Hotel Antillano close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? If you want to see Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book while visiting Cancún, Hotel Antillano is just 1.7 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Hotel Antillano Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
