https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Boston_Convention_and_Exhibition_Center.htm
Hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, Boston - Amazing Deals on 88 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, Boston Search and compare hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center from hundreds of travel sites and save Boston Convention and Exhibition Center - Boston, MA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Boston Convention and Exhibition Center - Boston, MA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Seaport District Hotels Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Club Quarters Hotel Faneuil Hall, Boston 8.2 Excellent 161 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 3,177 reviews 8.2 Situated in Boston, just a short walk from South Station, Club Quarters Hotel in Boston offers 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. View Deals Staypineapple, A Delightful Hotel, South End 8.2 Excellent 26 Chandler Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 583 reviews 8.2 This charming Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. Just a short stroll from Back Bay, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with a private bathroom, a coffee maker and slippers. View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Boston Downtown 7.8 Good 275 Tremont Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 417 reviews 7.8 Located under a 10-minute stroll from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, Courtyard Boston Downtown offers guests a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. View Deals Quarters on DOT by Thatch 5.8 Okay Boston, MA, United States Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States OkayBased on 104 reviews 5.8 Quarters on DOT by Short Term Rentals Boston is situated in Boston and features complimentary wireless internet. It provides a shared kitchen, and is a brief stroll from Dorchester Heights. View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 37 reviews 8.5 Situated within a 10-minute walk of South Station, The Ritz-Carlton Boston is a convenient base when in Boston. This sophisticated hotel is set in the heart of the city. View Deals The Envoy Hotel Autograph Collection 8.3 Excellent 70 Sleeper Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 130 reviews 8.3 The Envoy Hotel Autograph Collection is situated amongst Boston's well-known restaurants and cafés, just a brief walk from Courthouse Bus Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Harmony Medical Suites China Town 7.8 Good Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 39 reviews 7.8 Boston Medical Suites ChinaTown is set in Boston and is a short walk from South Station. It also provides a business centre, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Stay Alfred on Washington Street Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston property is located within a 10-minute stroll of South Station. It is situated a short walk from Boston Freedom Trail, Boston Commons and Downtown Crossing. View Deals All 88 hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Tips for booking hotels in Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Cheapest month: December Most expensive month: September Average price in Boston Convention and Exhibition Center: C$ 492/night Cheapest price found: C$ 136/night Cheapest day: Friday Most expensive day: Monday C$ 143 - C$ 934 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 141 - C$ 934 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Show all 88 hotels 1 Boston Yacht Haven 9.6 Excellent 87 Commercial Wharf, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star inn makes for an ideal base in Boston. It also provides a swimming pool, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 2 InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. View Deals 3 W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. View Deals 4 Seaport Boston Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. View Deals 5 Marriott Vacation Club Pulse at Custom House, Boston 9.1 Excellent 3 Mckinley Square, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Centrally located, Marriott Vacation Club Pulse at Custom House Boston allows for easy access to Boston's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Just a short walk from New England Aquarium, it offers comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator. View Deals 6 Global Luxury Suites Downtown Boston 7.6 Good 8 Harrison Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located under a 10-minute stroll from South Station, Global Luxury Suites Downtown Boston provides guests with an ideal base when in Boston. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 7 The Langham, Boston 9.2 Excellent 250 Franklin Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The hotel is located in the heart of Boston and is within a 10-minute stroll of South Station, New England Aquarium and Boston Massacre. It also offers a sauna, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. View Deals 8 The Revolution Hotel 8.3 Excellent 40 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Revolution Hotel is situated in Boston and is a short walk from East Berkeley Street Bus Station. It is steps from Back Bay, eateries and nightlife options. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, Boston Show all 88 hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Harborside Inn 8.2 Excellent 185 State Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Conveniently situated, Harborside Inn Boston offers easy access to Boston's best tourist attractions. It also provides free wireless internet. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Cambria Hotel Boston, Downtown-South Boston 8.1 Excellent 6 West Broadway, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This charming hotel in Boston offers free Wi-Fi, as well as meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is ideally located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals Aloft Boston Seaport District 8.3 Excellent 401-403 D Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States A 10-minute walk from Silver Line Way Bus Station, Aloft Boston Seaport District has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Boston. The various amenities this hip hotel features include meeting rooms, bicycle rental and an indoor pool. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Boston Downtown 7.8 Good 821 Washington Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This modern hotel is located in Boston and is a short stroll from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals Element Boston Seaport District 8.5 Excellent 391-395 D Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located under a 20-minute walk from Silver Line Way Bus Station, Element Boston Seaport District provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Boston. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals Temple Place Suites 7.1 Good Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located less than a 10-minute walk from South Station, Temple Place Suites by Short Term Rentals Boston provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Boston Convention and Exhibition Center 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Found Hotel Boston Common 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States 7.8 C$ 67 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular The Revolution Hotel 40 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA, United States 8.3 C$ 174 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular InterContinental Boston 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States 8.6 C$ 408 View Deal #2 Most popular Boston Omni Parker House Hotel 60 School Street, Boston, MA, United States 8.2 C$ 257 View Deal Best value Hyatt Regency Boston 1 Avenue de Lafayette, Boston, MA, United States 8.3 C$ 237 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Hotels in popular the United States regions New York California Florida Nevada Hawaii Washington Massachusetts Illinois New Jersey Texas Show more Hotels near popular Boston Convention and Exhibition Center airports Boston Logan Intl Airport Hotels near popular Boston Convention and Exhibition Center landmarks TD Garden Fenway Park Port of Boston Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Massachusetts cities Boston hotels Cambridge hotels Provincetown hotels Andover hotels Brookline hotels Medford hotels Chelsea hotels Peabody hotels West Springfield hotels Natick hotels Show more Hotels in popular Boston Convention and Exhibition Center neighbourhoods Seaport District, Boston hotels Downtown, Boston hotels Back Bay, Boston hotels South Boston, Boston hotels North End, Boston hotels Beacon Hill, Boston hotels South End, Boston hotels Vacation rentals in popular Massachusetts cities Boston vacation rentals Cambridge vacation rentals Provincetown vacation rentals Brookline vacation rentals Hyannis vacation rentals Salem vacation rentals Eastham vacation rentals Plymouth vacation rentals Edgartown vacation rentals North Truro vacation rentals Show more About Boston Convention and Exhibition Center One of the largest exhibition centres in the United States, the 4.8-hectare Boston Convention and Exhibition Center is a multipurpose arena that primarily hosts national and state-focused exhibitions, shows, events and conventions. Along with the New England International Auto Show and the Boston Comic Con, the centre welcomes the Boston Volleyball Festival and MarTech convention. From thousands of attendees to intimate affairs with only a few hundred people, the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center caters to a range of events, thanks to its variety of showrooms and entertainment venues. Some of its most beloved events include the Lasell College Senior Week, family reunion picnics and technology conferences. The Boston Convention and Exhibition Center is located just south of downtown Boston and is easily combined with a visit to The Institute of Contemporary Art or Boston Children’s Museum. You’ll also find the affiliated Lawn On D seasonal event space outside, which hosts live music and lawn games. Getting there The Boston Convention and Exhibition Center is about 2.5 kilometres from the centre of Boston and five kilometres from Boston Logan International Airport. You can catch the Silver Line to the World Trade Center stop, use taxis or rideshare services or park on site. Facts about staying in Boston Convention and Exhibition Center What are the best hotels near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center? The Bostonian Boston (7.9/10 from 1,390 reviews), The Westin Boston Seaport District (8.2/10 from 874 reviews), and Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel (8.4/10 from 329 reviews) are all highly-rated places to stay near Boston Convention and Exhibition Center. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Seaport District Hotels Boston Convention and Exhibition Center Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
