https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/University_of_Toronto.htm
Hotels near University of Toronto, Toronto - Amazing Deals on 186 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near University of Toronto, Toronto Search and compare hotels near University of Toronto from hundreds of travel sites and save University of Toronto - Toronto, ON, Canada 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests University of Toronto - Toronto, ON, Canada Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels University of Toronto Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near University of Toronto Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Holiday Inn Toronto Downtown Centre 7.5 Good 30 Carlton Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 5,632 reviews 7.5 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Dundas Station. View Deals Shangri-La Toronto 8.9 Excellent 188 University Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 170 reviews 8.9 Set in the heart of the city, Shangri-La Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main sightseeing and retail areas. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Toronto-Dominion Centre, Queen Street West and Toronto City Hall. View Deals Town Inn Suites 7.7 Good 620 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 3,263 reviews 7.7 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts. View Deals University Apartment Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Only two minutes from Spadina Avenue, University Apartment is located centrally in Toronto. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Kimpton Saint George Hotel 8.6 Excellent 280 Bloor Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 412 reviews 8.6 Centrally situated, Kimpton Saint George Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's main hot spots. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness centre. View Deals Toronto Travellers Home 4.0 Okay 588 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada OkayBased on 15 reviews 4.0 Situated in Downtown Toronto, Toronto Travellers Home is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including The Grange and Spadina Avenue. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 128 reviews 9.1 Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. View Deals The Palmerston 6.6 Good 650 1/2 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 430 reviews 6.6 Situated amongst a range of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, The Palmerston is ideal for those wanting to explore Toronto and its surroundings. Guests can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. View Deals All 186 hotels near University of Toronto Top Rated hotels near University of Toronto Show all 186 hotels 1 The Annex 10.0 Excellent 296 Brunswick Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet throughout their stay. View Deals 2 Hotel Ocho 8.0 Excellent 195 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently situated, Hotel Ocho offers easy access to Toronto's popular hot spots. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 3 Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently situated, Windsor Arms Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing areas. Some of the features provided at this Victorian 5-star hotel include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 4 Sonder The Beverley 6.9 Good 335 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is close to Queen Street West, shops and nightlife options. View Deals 5 Victoria's Mansion Guest House 7.5 Good 68 Gloucester Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in Downtown Toronto, Victoria's Mansion Guest House is a short stroll to several local attractions, including Maple Leaf Gardens. This historic guest house is set in the heart of the city. View Deals 6 The Ivy at Verity 8.9 Excellent 111d Queen Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Ivy at Verity allows for easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Toronto Eaton Centre. View Deals 7 The Hazelton Hotel Toronto 9.3 Excellent 118 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Just 10 minutes' walk from Bloor-Yonge Station, The Hazelton Hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay when in Toronto. It is close to Yorkville, eateries and shops. View Deals 8 Adas Guesthouse 7.1 Good 29 Linden Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star guest house makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It offers free Wi-Fi, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Cheapest hotels near University of Toronto, Toronto Show all 186 hotels Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Alisa Guest Suites 6.6 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently situated, Alisa Guest Suites allows for easy access to Toronto's popular hot spots. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Chinatown Travellers Home 31 Grange Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, Chinatown Travellers Home allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals All Days Hostel 13 Selby Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada All Days Hostel is located in Toronto and features free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Bond Place Hotel 5.2 Okay 65 Dundas Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Bond Place Hotel offers modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. This stylish hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals University of Toronto - Wilson Hall Residence 5.0 Okay 40 Willcocks Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally situated, University of Toronto - New College Residence - Wilson Hall Residence allows for easy access to Toronto's main sightseeing areas. It also offers meeting rooms, bicycle rental and free Wi-Fi. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Kaisar Guest House 7.5 Good 372A College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in Downtown Toronto, Kaisar Guest House is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including College Street. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Keppner Guesthouse 7.6 Good 41 Huntley Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in Downtown Toronto, Keppner Guesthouse is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Church and Wellesley. This guest house is set in the heart of the city. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in University of Toronto 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Super 8 by Wyndham Downtown Toronto 222 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 721 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Chelsea Hotel Toronto 33 Gerrard Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.1 C$ 173 View Deal #2 Most popular Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto 475 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.0 C$ 221 View Deal Best value Bond Place Hotel 65 Dundas Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada 5.2 C$ 98 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel 123 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.9 C$ 264 View Deal #2 Most popular DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown 108 Chestnut Street, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.5 C$ 205 View Deal Best value The Grand Hotel & Suites Toronto 225 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 157 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in University of Toronto Hotels in popular Canada regions Ontario British Columbia Alberta Quebec Nova Scotia New Brunswick Manitoba Saskatchewan Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador Show more Hotels near popular University of Toronto airports Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo Airport Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto vacation rentals Niagara Falls vacation rentals Montreal vacation rentals Vancouver vacation rentals Ottawa vacation rentals Calgary vacation rentals Victoria vacation rentals Québec City vacation rentals Banff vacation rentals Edmonton vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular University of Toronto landmarks Union Train Station Toronto City Hall Old Toronto Hotels in popular University of Toronto neighbourhoods Roncesvalles, Toronto hotels Rexdale-Kipling, Toronto hotels Don Mills, Toronto hotels York University Heights, Toronto hotels The Kingsway, Toronto hotels Chinatown, Toronto hotels The Annex, Toronto hotels Yonge-Eglinton, Toronto hotels West Hill, Toronto hotels East York, Toronto hotels Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto hotels Niagara Falls hotels Montreal hotels Vancouver hotels Ottawa hotels Calgary hotels Victoria hotels Québec City hotels Banff hotels Edmonton hotels Show more About University of Toronto Situated adjacent to Toronto’s Queen’s Park, the University of Toronto is the premier tertiary education institution in Ontario, Canada. It is divided into twelve colleges each with their own unique character and history, together with substantial autonomy, in addition to two satellite campuses in Scarborough and Mississauga. The University of Toronto’s main campus features elegant Romanesque and Gothic Revival buildings on its eastern side, many of which date to the late-19th and early-20th centuries. Among its most noted buildings include the Convocation Hall with its domed roof and Ionic-pillared rotunda, the Richardsonian Romanesque-style Main Hall at King’s College Circle, and the Gothic sandstone architecture of Knox College with its distinctive cloisters. The university’s Great Hall is renowned for its impressive stained glass windows and quotation from John Milton’s “Areopagitica” speech which is inscribed on the walls and lies adjacent to the Soldiers’ Tower which is etched with the names of university alumni who died during the World Wars. The western side of the campus features more Modernist architecture in its laboratories and offices, with the Brutalist-styled Robarts Library one of its most distinctive buildings. Also of note is the innovative glass and steel architecture of the Pharmacy Building, built by Norman Foster in the early 2000s. The University of Toronto boasts a Faculty of Arts and Science, Architecture, Applied Science and Engineering, Landscape and Design, Music, Medicine, Dentistry, Law and Social Work, as well as being home to the Toronto School of Theology and the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. It is considered the birthplace of an influential school of thought in literary criticism that has been labelled the “Toronto School” and is heavily influenced by the works of Eric A. Havelock and Harold Innis. The University of Toronto’s main campus lies around two kilometres to the north of the city’s Downtown area and is well connected by public bus services. Trams also run along the south and western perimeters of the campus, and there are subway stations at Museum, St George and Queen’s Park that are all within easy walking distance. The University of Toronto was originally founded as King’s College in 1827 and was controlled by the Church of England. Reformist politicians in what was then known as Upper Canada fought to have it secularised, voting to rename it the University of Toronto and cut all religious ties in 1850. Facts about staying in University of Toronto What are the best hotels near University of Toronto? University of Toronto is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Kensington Market House, which has a current rating of 7.7. For other potential stays, consider The Saint James Hotel Ascend Hotel Collection, which has received a rating of 8.4 from 43 users. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels University of Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
