https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Borges_Chiado.htm
Hotel Borges Chiado, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Borges Chiado Hotel Borges Chiado Hotel Rua Garrett, 108-110, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 3,128 reviews 7.9 C$ 70 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Borges Chiado Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Borges Chiado Centrally located, Hotel Borges Chiado allows for easy access to Lisbon's main sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a coffee bar, an express check-in ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 7.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 210 456 400 All policies Amenities at Hotel Borges Chiado Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Massage Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Borges Chiado Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Borges Chiado Garrett 48 Apartments 8.5 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in the centre of Lisbon, Garrett 48 Apartments is a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. It is close to Santa Justa Lift, Chiado and Rossio Square. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Myroom Lisboa Rua Nova da Trindade, 22, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, MyRoom Lisboa offers easy access to Lisbon's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Chiado Mercy Apartments | Lisbon Best Apartments 9.5 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Chiado Mercy Apartments Lisbon Best Apartments allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular tourist and retail hot spots. It also offers an airport shuttle, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto 9.4 Excellent Rua Das Gáveas, 103, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is an ideal base while in Lisbon. It is moments from Bairro Alto and nightlife and shopping options. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Borges Chiado 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 3,128 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 7.8Solo 7.8Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Borges Chiado All photos (59) Bedroom (23) Restaurant (7) Bathroom (6) Other (4) Where is Hotel Borges Chiado Most Popular Landmarks Chiado Museum0.0 km Elevador de Santa Justa0.3 km Castelo de São Jorge0.8 km Sé de Lisboa0.8 km Jardim Botânico1.0 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian3.2 km Getting Around Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.4 km Lisbon Rossio0.5 km Lisbon Restauradores0.5 km Lisbon Cais do Sodré0.6 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias1.0 km Lisbon Avenida1.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Borges Chiado Is pricing at Hotel Borges Chiado comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? Hotels in Lisbon that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 127/night, but on average, Hotel Borges Chiado is available for 31% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel Borges Chiado for C$ 118/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Lisbon. How close is Hotel Borges Chiado to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At 7.3 km away, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Borges Chiado. The average expected drive time from Hotel Borges Chiado to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is 0h 05m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Borges Chiado? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Borges Chiado guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Hotel Borges Chiado from the Lisbon city center? The center of Bairro Alto, Lisbon, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Hotel Borges Chiado. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Hotel Borges Chiado using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Borges Chiado phone number? For questions about Hotel Borges Chiado and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +351 210 456 400. Does Hotel Borges Chiado have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Borges Chiado has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Borges Chiado? Yes. You should consider staying at Hotel Borges Chiado if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hotel Borges Chiado? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel Borges Chiado. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Borges Chiado, Lisbon? C$ 49 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Borges Chiado, with average deals around C$ 118 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Borges Chiado? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Borges Chiado, Lisbon. Does Hotel Borges Chiado have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Borges Chiado. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel Borges Chiado from Sé de Lisboa? Hotel Borges Chiado is a good place to stay to see Sé de Lisboa. It’s 0.8 km away. Is Hotel Borges Chiado close to Chiado Museum? Walking distance - there’s 0 km between Chiado Museum and Hotel Borges Chiado. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Borges Chiado Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
