https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Epcot.htm
Hotels near Epcot, Orlando - Amazing Deals on 44 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Epcot, Orlando Search and compare hotels near Epcot from hundreds of travel sites and save Epcot - Orlando, FL, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Epcot - Orlando, FL, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Bay Lake Hotels 421 Epcot Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Epcot Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Disney's Yacht Club Resort 9.3 Excellent 1700 Epcot Resort Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 25.5 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 20 reviews 9.3 Featuring an outdoor pool and a private beach, Disney's Yacht Club Resort is located in Orlando and provides peaceful accommodation. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals All 44 hotels near Epcot Tips for booking hotels in Epcot Cheapest month: February Most expensive month: January Average price in Epcot: C$ 1,851/night Cheapest price found: C$ 89/night Cheapest day: Wednesday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 133 - C$ 2,741 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 891 - C$ 2,694 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Hotel prices in Epcot 4 stars + #1 Most popular Disney's Yacht Club Resort 1700 Epcot Resort Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States 9.3 C$ 633 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Epcot Hotels in popular the United States regions New York California Florida Nevada Hawaii Washington Massachusetts Illinois New Jersey Texas Show more Vacation rentals in popular Florida cities Orlando vacation rentals Miami Beach vacation rentals Fort Lauderdale vacation rentals Miami vacation rentals Hollywood vacation rentals Kissimmee vacation rentals Lake Buena Vista vacation rentals Key West vacation rentals Tampa vacation rentals Daytona Beach vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular Epcot neighbourhoods College Park, Orlando hotels Metro West, Orlando hotels South Semoran, Orlando hotels Catalina, Orlando hotels Central Business District, Orlando hotels Lake Nona South, Orlando hotels West Colonial, Orlando hotels Baldwin Park, Orlando hotels South Orange, Orlando hotels Hotels near popular Epcot landmarks Walt Disney World Resort International Drive Universal Orlando Resort SeaWorld Orlando Orange County Convention Center Universal CityWalk Magic Kingdom Park Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels near popular Epcot airports Orlando Airport Orlando Sanford Intl Airport Hotels in popular Florida cities Orlando hotels Miami Beach hotels Fort Lauderdale hotels Miami hotels Hollywood hotels Kissimmee hotels Lake Buena Vista hotels Key West hotels Tampa hotels Daytona Beach hotels Show more About Epcot Epcot has everything to capture a curious child and adult’s imagination. Part of the Walt Disney World Resort, it is located on Bay Lake in Orlando, Florida. Epcot, originally named the “Epcot Centre” is a feast for all the senses with state of the art rides, futuristic landscapes, global pavilions and a vibrant atmosphere. Epcot was constructed to celebrate human achievement through technology, innovation and international cultures. The park is easy to navigate and is divided into two zones, World Nations and Future World. Future World is represented by the iconic “moon like” sphere which dominates the entrance to the park. This area explores innovative technology and science and is home to Spaceship Earth, Universe of Energy, Imagination and Mission: Space. The Spaceship Earth attraction transports visitors back in time to witness history from prehistoric man to more current developments of telecommunication and the internet. Adventurers can have fun designing their own future at the touch of a screen. Visitors will enjoy exploring the park from above on the monorail operating throughout Future World. Heading to World Nations zone, the park changes dynamic. Set around the picturesque 40 acres’ lagoon are pavilions representing cities and landmarks from around the world. Visitors can explore ancient Mayan pyramids of Mexico, shop in a traditional market or dine on tacos and chilli inside the cantinas. Alternatively, discover the beauty of St. Mark’s Square in Venice, the intricate designs of a Japanese Pagoda or a Bavarian city complete with bratwurst and bierkeller. Keep younger children entertained with a passport kit. Each time they visit a new country in Epcot, they can have their documents stamped as if they visited the place for real. Epcot is accessible by bus from other Walt Disney World Resorts including Magic Kingdom Park, Disney’s Animal Kingdom and Disney’s Hollywood Studios. The theme park is easy to access by car from the I4, then onto Epcot Centre Drive. Many Orlando accommodations offer shuttle buses to Epcot. Alternatively, shared minibuses, Uber and ride shares are common, although visitors may have to wait for full capacity before departing. Epcot was Disney’s second theme park in Orlando, opening in 1982. It was named the “Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow” or EPCOT for short. It was based on a design for a community driven Utopian city. Walt Disney wanted the park to be an ever-evolving plan which would never be fully completed, as it would always grow and introduce new technologies. Today, the great visionary plan seems to have worked, with over 12 million guests per year, it is the sixth most visited theme park in the world. Facts about staying in Epcot What are the best hotels near Epcot? 20 reviews rated Disney's Yacht Club Resort with an average score of 9.3/10. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Bay Lake Hotels 421 Epcot Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
