https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Bosphorus_Bridge.htm
Hotels near Bosphorus Bridge, Istanbul - Amazing Deals on 102 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Bosphorus Bridge, Istanbul Search and compare hotels near Bosphorus Bridge from hundreds of travel sites and save Bosphorus Bridge - Istanbul, Turkey 20 Nov — 21 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Bosphorus Bridge - Istanbul, Turkey Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Search ...and more Home Turkey Hotels 45,726 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,211 Besiktas Hotels Bosphorus Bridge Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Bosphorus Bridge Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Barba Rossa Residence 3.2 Mediocre Barbaros Bulvari Eski Yildiz Cad No 34, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey MediocreBased on 5 reviews 3.2 Providing a swimming pool, Barba Rossa Residence is situated in Istanbul and is a short walk from the Sinan Pasha Mosque. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. View Deals Apartman Istanbul 9.2 Excellent Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 181 reviews 9.2 Located in Istanbul, Chakra Suites Besiktas is an easy drive from Yildiz Park and the Hagia Sophia. The numerous facilities this elegant property has to offer include babysitting/child services, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. View Deals The Stay Bosphorus 8.8 Excellent Salhane Sokak No.1, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 683 reviews 8.8 Situated just a short stroll from Ortakoy and the Ortakoy Mosque, this elegant hotel features both a bar and a restaurant. It is also minutes from Istanbul's well-known attractions and landmarks. View Deals Malta Bosphorus Hotel 8.0 Excellent Palanga caddesi No:24 Ortakoy, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 621 reviews 8.0 Malta Bosphorus Hotel is situated in Istanbul and features free wireless internet. Only a short walk from Ortakoy, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a mini bar, slippers and free wireless internet access. View Deals Sumahan - on the Water 9.3 Excellent Kuleli Caddesi No 43, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 7.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 143 reviews 9.3 Boasting free Wi-Fi, Sumahan - on the Water is located in Istanbul and provides charming accommodation. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Nevv Bosphorus Hotel & Suites 9.0 Excellent No7 Mecidiye Muallim Naci Cd Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 218 reviews 9.0 This comfortable hotel in Istanbul offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. It is located a brief walk from the Bosphorus Bridge. View Deals Bellezza Hotel Ortakoy 8.4 Excellent Mecidiye Mahallesi Mutevelli Ibrahim Sokak No 6 Ortakoy Istanbul, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 243 reviews 8.4 Bellezza Hotel Ortakoy provides 3-star accommodation in Istanbul. It also features a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Bosphorus Palace Hotel 9.1 Excellent Yaliboyu Caddesi 64, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 112 reviews 9.1 Featuring a private beach, Bosphorus Palace is situated in Istanbul and presents views of Bosphorus. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals All 102 hotels near Bosphorus Bridge Top Rated hotels near Bosphorus Bridge Show all 102 hotels 1 Four Seasons Hotel Istanbul at the Bosphorus 9.2 Excellent Ciragan Cad. No. 28, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Providing a shuttle service to Ataturk International Airport, as well as complimentary wireless internet, Four Seasons Hotel Istanbul at the Bosphorus is a comfortable base in Istanbul. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this modern 5-star hotel are an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 2 Conrad Istanbul Bosphorus 8.6 Excellent Cihannuma Mh., Saray Cad. No 5, Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Situated close to the area's tourist attractions, Conrad Istanbul Bosphorus showcases views of Bosphorus, Istanbul and Maiden's Tower. This luxury hotel is located in Besiktas. View Deals 3 Corner Hot 8.9 Excellent Buyuk Sekerci Sk. No 1, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Corner Hot is situated in Istanbul and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It is located a brief walk from the Bosphorus Bridge. View Deals 4 Ciragan Palace Kempinski Istanbul 8.9 Excellent Ciragan Caddesi 32, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This modern hotel in Istanbul provides free wireless internet, as well as an infinity pool and a butler service. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a Turkish steam bath. View Deals 5 Radisson Blu Bosphorus Hotel, Istanbul 6.8 Good Ciragan cad. NO 46-B. Ortakoy, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located in Istanbul, Radisson Blu Bosphorus Hotel offers stylish, 5-star accommodation close to Ortakoy. It provides views of Bosphorus, and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 6 Cheya Besiktas Hotel & Suites- Special Category 7.8 Good Barbaros Bulvari, Akdogan Sokak No:39, Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located in Istanbul, Cheya Besiktas Hotel & Suites- Special Category is within easy reach of Yildiz Park and the Hagia Sophia. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Bosphorus Bridge, Istanbul Show all 102 hotels Bufes Hotel Büyüksekerci Sk., Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Bufes Hotel provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Istanbul. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 22 Avg. per night View Deals Belle Vues Hotel Çarsiagasi Sk No 21 Ortakoy Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Providing a shuttle to Ataturk International Airport, plus free Wi-Fi, Belle Vues Hotel is a convenient base in Istanbul. It is located a brief walk from the Bosphorus Bridge. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Ortakoy Aysem Sultan Hotel 8.5 Excellent Mecidiye Mh. Cevirmeci Sk. No 4, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Providing free Wi-Fi, Ortakoy Aysem Sultan Hotel is located in Istanbul and is a brief walk from Ortakoy and the Ortakoy Mosque. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Symbola Bosphorus Istanbul 7.3 Good Portakal Yokusu Cad. No:17, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Featuring a shuttle to Ataturk International Airport, plus complimentary wireless internet, Symbola Bosphorus Istanbul is a convenient base in Istanbul. It is located a brief walk from the Bosphorus Bridge, the Ortakoy Mosque and Ortakoy. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Republika Academic Aparts Ortakoy Hostel Balmumcu Mah Mustafa Izzet Efendi Sokak, No: 1 Ortakoy, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Republika Ortakoy Aparts is located in Istanbul and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also features a rooftop terrace, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Bosphorus Bridge 3 stars #1 Most popular Malta Bosphorus Hotel Palanga caddesi No:24 Ortakoy, Istanbul, Turkey 8.0 C$ 77 View Deal #2 Most popular Cheya Besiktas Hotel & Suites- Special Category Barbaros Bulvari, Akdogan Sokak No:39, Besiktas, Istanbul, Turkey 7.8 C$ 99 View Deal Best value Barba Rossa Residence Barbaros Bulvari Eski Yildiz Cad No 34, Istanbul, Turkey 3.2 C$ 45 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Ortakoy Princess Hotel Dereboyu Street. No:10, Istanbul, Turkey C$ 607 View Deal #2 Most popular Sumahan - on the Water Kuleli Caddesi No 43, Istanbul, Turkey 9.3 C$ 482 View Deal Best value The Stay Bosphorus Salhane Sokak No.1, Istanbul, Turkey 8.8 C$ 344 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Bosphorus Bridge Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Turkey regions Istanbul Province Antalya Province Mugla Province Izmir Province Nevsehir Province Aydin Province Mersin Province Bursa Province Ankara Province Denizli Province Show more Hotels near popular Bosphorus Bridge landmarks Taksim Cevahir AVM Taksim Square Kapaliçarşi Istanbul City Centre Sultan Ahmet Camii Ayasofya Florya Plaji Sultanahmet Meydani Hotels near popular Bosphorus Bridge airports Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen Airport Hotels in popular Turkey cities Istanbul hotels Antalya hotels Bodrum hotels Göynük hotels Izmir hotels Göreme hotels Belek hotels Marmaris hotels Kusadasi hotels Mersin (Icel) hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular Turkey cities Istanbul vacation rentals Antalya vacation rentals Bodrum vacation rentals Izmir vacation rentals Belek vacation rentals Marmaris vacation rentals Kusadasi vacation rentals Mersin (Icel) vacation rentals Cesme vacation rentals Ankara vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular Bosphorus Bridge neighbourhoods Uskudar, Istanbul hotels Kadikoy, Istanbul hotels Maltepe, Istanbul hotels Sultanahmet, Istanbul hotels Asian Side, Istanbul hotels Atasehir, Istanbul hotels Basaksehir, Istanbul hotels Gaziosmanpasa, Istanbul hotels Sancaktepe, Istanbul hotels Cekmekoy, Istanbul hotels Show more About Bosphorus Bridge One of the three impressive landmark bridges arching over the Bosphorus Strait, the Bosphorus Bridge connects Europe and Asia without ever leaving Istanbul. Its official name is 15 July Martyrs Bridge and it’s also known as the First Bridge. The bridge extends from the trendy nightlife district of Ortakoy on the Thracian European side of the city to Beylerbeyi on the Anatolian Asian side. It features eight lanes that offer spectacular views of the water and two continents. Bosphorus Bridge is one of the longest suspension bridges in the world. Visit at night to catch the impressive LED light show. You can also take a Bosphorus cruise starting at the Golden Horn, which provides views of the bridge and other Istanbul landmarks, such as the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. Getting there The easiest way to reach the bridge on foot is to take a bus to Ortakoy and walk toward the bridge. You can also see the bridge from vantage points, such as Ortakov Mosque on the European side and Beylerbeyi Palace on the Asian side. Facts about staying in Bosphorus Bridge What are the best hotels near Bosphorus Bridge? One of the most popular hotels near Bosphorus Bridge is Apartman Istanbul, which has been reviewed by 181 users and currently has a rating of 9.2/10. Other top-rated locations include The Stay Bosphorus and Malta Bosphorus Hotel, which have received 8.8/10 and 8.0/10 ratings from our users, respectively. Home Turkey Hotels 45,726 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,211 Besiktas Hotels Bosphorus Bridge Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
