https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Avenue_des_Champs_Elysees.htm
Hotels near Champs-Elysées, Paris - Amazing Deals on 712 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Champs-Elysées, Paris Search and compare hotels near Champs-Elysées from hundreds of travel sites and save Champs-Elysées - Paris, France 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Champs-Elysées - Paris, France Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Paris City Centre Hotels 8th arrondissement Hotels Champs-Elysées Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Champs-Elysées Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hôtel La Comtesse 8.9 Excellent 29, Avenue de Tourville, Paris, France Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 743 reviews 8.9 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a short stroll from the Musee de l'Armee, Les Invalides and the Musee Rodin. View Deals Splendid Etoile Hotel 8.8 Excellent 1 Avenue Carnot, Paris, France Show on map 4.3 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 753 reviews 8.8 Splendid Etoile Hotel sits in the centre of Paris City Centre, just a five-minute walk from the Arc De Triomphe and Place Charles de Gaulle. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. View Deals Mercure Paris Opéra Garnier 8.1 Excellent 4 Rue de l'Isly, Paris, France Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 918 reviews 8.1 Situated in Paris, this 4-star property is charming and contemporary. It is located a brief stroll from Place de la Madeleine, Galeries Lafayette and the Palais Garnier. View Deals Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 8.5 Excellent 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,087 reviews 8.5 Offering 5-star luxury accommodation, Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond is conveniently situated in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple amenities this contemporary hotel offers include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Hotel Brighton 8.5 Excellent 218 Rue de Rivoli, Paris, France Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 773 reviews 8.5 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Paris. Not only does it overlook Eiffel Tower, Tuileries Garden and the Musee du Louvre, but it also provides court yard views. View Deals Le 12 Hotel 9.0 Excellent 12 Rue De Vienne, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 631 reviews 9.0 Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Le 12 Hotel is ideally located in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple facilities this charming hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and massage services. View Deals Le Belmont Paris 8.5 Excellent 30 Rue de Bassano, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 502 reviews 8.5 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is situated a short stroll from the Arc De Triomphe, Champs-Elysees and Place Charles de Gaulle. View Deals Hotel Floride Etoile 8.5 Excellent 14 Rue Saint Didier, Paris, France Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 826 reviews 8.5 Floride-Etoile provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. View Deals All 712 hotels near Champs-Elysées Tips for booking hotels in Champs-Elysées Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: June Average price in Champs-Elysées: C$ 259/night Cheapest price found: C$ 186/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 186 - C$ 375 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 186 - C$ 354 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated hotels near Champs-Elysées Show all 712 hotels 1 Prince de Galles, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Paris 8.6 Excellent 33 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Paris. It is located a brief walk from Champs-Elysees and Seine. View Deals 2 Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. View Deals 3 Hôtel Dress Code 8.6 Excellent 5 Rue de Caumartin, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It provides an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free wireless internet. View Deals 4 Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. View Deals 5 Hotel Francois 1er 8.5 Excellent 7 Rue Magellan, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a brief stroll from the Arc De Triomphe, Champs-Elysees and Place Charles de Gaulle. View Deals 6 Elysees Niel Hotel 8.0 Excellent 11 Rue Saussier Leroy, Paris, France Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Paris, France Elysees Niel Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. View Deals 7 Le Derby Alma 8.7 Excellent 8 Avenue Rapp, Paris, France Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in the centre of Paris, Hotel Le Derby Alma is within a 10-minute walk of Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 8 Hotel de Vigny 9 Rue Balzac, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a short stroll from the Arc De Triomphe, Place Charles de Gaulle and Champs-Elysees. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Champs-Elysées, Paris Show all 712 hotels Hôtel de Cabourg 5 Rue Du Mont Dore, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located for sightseeing, Hotel de Cabourg is a short walk from several of the city's attractions, including Theatre de l'Oeuvre. This modern hotel is situated in 17th arrondissement - Batignolles-Monceau. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Darcet 8.8 Excellent 4 Rue Darcet, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Hotel Darcet is set in Paris and is close to nearby attractions, such as the Moulin Rouge and Theatre de l'Oeuvre. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Opera Deauville 7.0 Good 40 Rue D Amsterdam, Paris, France Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Featuring free Wi-Fi, Opera Deauville is located in Paris and offers comfortable accommodation. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel B Square 7.7 Good 11 Rue Des Batignolles, Paris, France Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Paris, France Less than 20 minutes' walk from Saint-Lazare Train Station, Hotel B Square offers guests an ideal base while in Paris. The multiple amenities this charming hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Pavillon Monceau 8.1 Excellent 43 Rue Jouffroy D Abbans, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Pavillon Monceau provides a modern setting while in Paris. The numerous facilities this elegant hotel features include a 24-hour reception, a concierge and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Paris Gare Saint Lazare 8.1 Excellent 9 Rue de Constantinople, Paris, France Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Ibis Styles Paris Gare Saint Lazare is located in Paris and features free Wi-Fi. The various facilities this elegant hotel offers include luggage storage, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Jardin De Villiers 8.0 Excellent 18 Rue Claude Pouillet, Paris, France Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Located within a 10-minute walk of Villiers Metro Station, Jardin de Villiers is a convenient base while visiting Paris. It offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace, and is a short walk from Parc Monceau. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hotel Du Havre 6.5 Good 18 Rue D'Amsterdam, Paris, France Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Paris, France Less than 20 minutes' walk from Opera Metro Station, Grand Hotel Du Havre offers guests a convenient base while visiting Paris. It is located a short stroll from Place de la Madeleine, the Palais Garnier and Galeries Lafayette. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Champs-Elysées 3 stars #1 Most popular Hotel Arc Elysees 45 Rue Washington, Paris, France 7.7 C$ 203 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Le Cinq Codet 5 Rue Louis Codet, Paris, France 8.9 C$ 440 View Deal #2 Most popular Shangri-La Paris 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France 9.0 C$ 1,847 View Deal Best value Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France 8.5 C$ 384 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Champs-Elysées Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Vacation rentals in popular France cities Paris vacation rentals Lourdes vacation rentals Nice vacation rentals Marseille vacation rentals Avignon vacation rentals Strasbourg vacation rentals Troyes vacation rentals Bordeaux vacation rentals Reims vacation rentals Rouen vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular Champs-Elysées neighbourhoods 6th arrondissement, Paris hotels 11th arrondissement, Paris hotels 17th arrondissement, Paris hotels 10th arrondissement, Paris hotels 3rd arrondissement, Paris hotels Quartier Latin, Paris hotels 4th arrondissement, Paris hotels 14th arrondissement, Paris hotels 12th arrondissement, Paris hotels 2nd arrondissement, Paris hotels Show more Hotels in popular France cities Paris hotels Lourdes hotels Nice hotels Roissy-en-France hotels Marseille hotels Avignon hotels Strasbourg hotels Troyes hotels Bordeaux hotels Reims hotels Show more Hotels near popular Champs-Elysées airports Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Paris Orly Airport Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport Paris-Le Bourget Airport Hotels near popular Champs-Elysées landmarks Jardins des Tuileries Paris City Centre Eiffel Tower Paris Lyon Railway Station Montmartre Place de la Concorde Hotels in popular France regions Ile-de-France Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Normandy Centre-Val de Loire Corsica Brittany About Champs-Elysées Arguably the most illustrious boulevard on the planet, the Avenue des Champs-Elysées is the pinnacle of Parisian retail therapy. Cutting through the city’s 8th arrondissement, it stretches for 1.9 kilometres. Both sides of the 70-metre-wide thoroughfare are lined with a kaleidoscope of luxury boutiques, chic cafes, elegant theatres, and leafy street trees. On top of being a nirvana for well-heeled shoppers and sightseers alike, the Avenue des Champs-Elysées plays host to the annual Bastille Day military parade. It’s also the finishing point of the Tour de France cycle race, and the go-to site for a myriad of impromptu street celebrations. Given its grand proportions and inherent elegance, it’s no wonder that Parisians celebrate the Champs-Elysées as la plus belle avenue du monde,” which translates to “the world's most beautiful avenue.” To the east lies the Place de la Concorde, centred by the Obelisk of Luxor. To the west is the Place Charles de Gaulle, the site of the iconic Arc de Triomphe monument. The Paris Métro Line 1 runs under the Champs-Élysées, with Station Charles de Gaulle – Étoile located to the west and Concorde to the south. The street can also be accessed via George V and Champs-Élysées – Clemenceau. While today the Champs-Élysées is synonymous with Parisian style, the boulevard is named after the Elysian Fields. In Greek mythology, ancient poets like Homer coveted the Elysian Fields as a paradisiac resting point for fabled heroes. The avenue was laid out in the 17th century by French landscape architect, André Le Nôtre. " Facts about staying in Champs-Elysées What are the best hotels near Champs-Elysées? Le Damantin Hôtel & Spa (8.8/10 from 777 reviews), Residhome Paris Opéra (7.5/10 from 504 reviews), and Paris Marriott Opera Ambassador Hotel (7.3/10 from 214 reviews) are all highly-rated places to stay near Champs-Elysées. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Paris City Centre Hotels 8th arrondissement Hotels Champs-Elysées Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
