https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Quartier_an_Ascend_Hotel_Collection_Member.htm
Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel 2955 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,673 reviews 8.2 C$ 165 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel Quartier an Ascend Hotel Collection Member is set in Quebec City and is close to local attractions, including Laurier Quebec. It also offers massage services, an indoor pool and an express check... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.8 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 7.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 650 1616 All policies Amenities at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Long-term parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel Plaza Quebec 7.6 Good 3031 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Plaza Quebec is located in Quebec City and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a playground and a beauty centre. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Québec 6.0 Good 3055 Boul. Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Sainte-Foy Railway Station, Auberge Quebec offers guests a convenient base while in Quebec City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a beauty centre and an outdoor pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Lindbergh Québec - Place Laurier 7.4 Good 2825 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Lindbergh Quebec City provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Quebec City. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Classique 7.8 Good 2815, Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hotel Classique is located in Quebec City and features an indoor pool. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,673 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.0Friends 8.0Families 8.3Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection All photos (51) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (6) Room amenity (6) Building (4) Where is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec0.5 km Quebec Aquarium Park1.5 km Aquarium du Quebec1.6 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency17.4 km Village Vacances Valcartier24.1 km Mont Sainte-Anne45.0 km Getting Around Québec City Laurier (chul)0.7 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.1 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.3 km Québec City Vallée13.9 km Québec City Université Laval2.2 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy2.4 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection How close is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection is 7.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 06m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection considered pet-friendly? Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection? Yes. Many people visiting Québec City look for a hotel with a pool. Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection from the Québec City city center? Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection is just 0.7 km away from the center of Saint-Louis, Québec City. From Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Place Royale. What is the Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 418 650 1616 to talk to a Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection front desk representative. Does Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection? Yes, there is a gym available to Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection, Québec City? C$ 119 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection, with average deals around C$ 154 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection from Quebec Aquarium Park? Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection is about 1.5 km from Quebec Aquarium Park, one of Québec City’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection close to Aquarium du Quebec? Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Aquarium du Quebec, which is 1.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
