https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Niwa_Tokyo.htm
Hotel Niwa Tokyo, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,252 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Niwa Tokyo Hotel Niwa Tokyo Hotel 1-1-16 Kandamisaki-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 844 reviews 8.8 C$ 121 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Niwa Tokyo Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Niwa Tokyo Located in central Tokyo, Hotel Niwa Tokyo received TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice Award - Top 25 Hotel in Japan 2013, and offers a Japanese garden courtyard and a relaxation area equipped with massa... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 17.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 332 930 028 All policies Amenities at Hotel Niwa Tokyo Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pyjamas Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Quiet street view Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Niwa Tokyo Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 475 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 395 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 188 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Niwa Tokyo Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Kudanshita 7.9 Good 2-4-4 Nishi Kanda Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Tokyo offers free wireless internet, as well as laundry facilities and luggage storage. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Palace 9.0 Excellent 1-1-1, Iidabashi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Central Tokyo, Hotel Grand Palace Tokyo provides modern accommodation with superior amenities. It also has views of Tokyo. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Apa Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita 7.6 Good 1-4-7, Iidabashi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, APA Hotel Tokyo Kudanshita provides 3-star accommodation and an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and massage services. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Suidobashi Interchange Train Station. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center 8.1 Excellent 2-10-6, Kandaawajicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Akihabara Railway Station, HOTEL MYSTAYS Ochanomizu Conference Center is an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,149 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Niwa Tokyo 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 844 verified guest reviews 8.9Couples 8.9Friends 8.8Solo 8.6Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Niwa Tokyo All photos (32) Outdoors view (6) Bedroom (5) Lobby (4) Other (3) Where is Hotel Niwa Tokyo Most Popular Landmarks Tokyo Dome0.7 km Akihabara Electric Town1.5 km Ueno Koen2.2 km Ginza Mitsukoshi3.3 km Senso-ji3.9 km Asakusa Jinja4.0 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.5 km Tokyo2.3 km Tokyo Ueno2.3 km Tokyo2.5 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.8 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal4.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Niwa Tokyo Is pricing at Hotel Niwa Tokyo comparable to 4 star hotels in Tokyo? In Tokyo, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 331. The expected nightly rate for Hotel Niwa Tokyo is around C$ 165; a price that is 63% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hotel Niwa Tokyo to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Tokyo. How close is Hotel Niwa Tokyo to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With no traffic, the 17 km drive between Hotel Niwa Tokyo and Tokyo Haneda Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 13m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Niwa Tokyo? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Niwa Tokyo guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Hotel Niwa Tokyo from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Niwa Tokyo is 1.8 km away from the center of Ueno, Tokyo. Consider visiting Asakusa Jinja, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Niwa Tokyo by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Niwa Tokyo phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Niwa Tokyo at +81 332 930 028. Does Hotel Niwa Tokyo have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Niwa Tokyo has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Niwa Tokyo? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel Niwa Tokyo. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel Niwa Tokyo? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Niwa Tokyo, Tokyo? Usually Hotel Niwa Tokyo room prices are around C$ 165/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 84/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Niwa Tokyo? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Niwa Tokyo restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hotel Niwa Tokyo have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Hotel Niwa Tokyo from Tokyo Dome? Hotel Niwa Tokyo is about 0.7 km from Tokyo Dome, one of Tokyo’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Niwa Tokyo close to Akihabara Electric Town? The distance from Hotel Niwa Tokyo to Akihabara Electric Town is 1.5 km. Home Japan Hotels 74,252 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Niwa Tokyo Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
