https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/HOTEL_MYSTAYS_Ochanomizu_Conference_Center.htm
Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Hotel 2-10-6, Kandaawajicho, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 699 reviews 8.1 C$ 60 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Situated within a 10-minute walk of Akihabara Railway Station, HOTEL MYSTAYS Ochanomizu Conference Center is an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to sights... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Tokyo All airports Distance to airport 3.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 893 939 All policies Amenities at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heating Shower Slippers Adapter Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Telephone Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara 8.2 Excellent 2-1 Akihabara, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel The Keikyu EX Inn Akihabara offers 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Akihabara Railway Station. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Ici Hotel Kanda By Relief 8.4 Excellent 1-9-15 Kajicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, and offers a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Mitsukoshi and Bank of Japan. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda 8.2 Excellent 3-2-10, Uchikanda, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda is situated in Central Tokyo, just 20 minutes from Haneda Airport. It is located a brief stroll from INCJ, Mitsukoshi and Bank of Japan. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Kanda 8.1 Excellent 1-2-2 Iwamoto-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It also provides laundry facilities, a laundry service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 702 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.3Couples 8.0Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center All photos (31) Bedroom (10) Conference room (6) Building (5) Lobby (3) Where is Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town0.5 km Tokyo Dome1.7 km Ueno Koen2.0 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.9 km Senso-ji3.2 km Asakusa Jinja3.3 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.1 km Tokyo1.8 km Tokyo1.9 km Tokyo Ueno1.9 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.3 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal5.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Is pricing at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? There is a 80% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo and the average nightly rate at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center. The rate at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center is just C$ 79/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Tokyo. How close is Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center is 16.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center is just 1.4 km away from the center of Ueno, Tokyo. From Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Asakusa Jinja. What is the Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center at +81 352 893 939. Does Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center? Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center, Tokyo? Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 79/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 47/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center? Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center does have a restaurant. Does Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center from Tokyo Dome? The popular Tokyo Dome is just over 1.7 km from Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center. Is Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center close to Akihabara Electric Town? Akihabara Electric Town is also a popular place to see in Tokyo. It is 0.5 km from Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
