https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Yonge_Dundas_Square.htm
Hotels near Yonge-Dundas Square, Toronto - Amazing Deals on 234 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Yonge-Dundas Square, Toronto Search and compare hotels near Yonge-Dundas Square from hundreds of travel sites and save Yonge-Dundas Square - Toronto, ON, Canada 20 Nov — 21 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Yonge-Dundas Square - Toronto, ON, Canada Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels Yonge-Dundas Square Hotels Top Rated hotels near Yonge-Dundas Square Show all 234 hotels 1 The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. View Deals 2 Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. View Deals 3 Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. View Deals 4 The Ritz-Carlton Toronto 9.3 Excellent 181 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. View Deals 5 Shangri-La Toronto 8.9 Excellent 188 University Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Shangri-La Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main sightseeing and retail areas. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Toronto-Dominion Centre, Queen Street West and Toronto City Hall. View Deals 6 Residence Inn By Marriott Toronto Downtown / Entertainment District 8.2 Excellent 255 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It provides outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and complimentary Wi-Fi. View Deals 7 Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. View Deals 8 Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, valet parking and an outdoor pool. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Yonge-Dundas Square, Toronto Show all 234 hotels Toronto Travellers Home 4.0 Okay 588 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in Downtown Toronto, Toronto Travellers Home is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including The Grange and Spadina Avenue. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals All Days Hostel 13 Selby Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada All Days Hostel is located in Toronto and features free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals University Apartment Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Only two minutes from Spadina Avenue, University Apartment is located centrally in Toronto. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites 5.0 Okay 135 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Town Inn Suites 7.7 Good 620 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Toronto Downtown Centre 7.5 Good 30 Carlton Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Dundas Station. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience offers easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing and retail areas. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Yonge-Dundas Square 3 stars #1 Most popular Chelsea Hotel Toronto 33 Gerrard Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.1 C$ 172 View Deal #2 Most popular Courtyard By Marriott Downtown Toronto 475 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.0 C$ 220 View Deal Best value Bond Place Hotel 65 Dundas Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada 5.2 C$ 97 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Fairmont Royal York 100 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.3 C$ 294 View Deal #2 Most popular One King West Hotel & Residence 1 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.5 C$ 223 View Deal Best value The Grand Hotel & Suites Toronto 225 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 156 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Yonge-Dundas Square Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto hotels Niagara Falls hotels Montreal hotels Vancouver hotels Ottawa hotels Calgary hotels Victoria hotels Québec City hotels Banff hotels Edmonton hotels Show more Hotels in popular Yonge-Dundas Square neighbourhoods Roncesvalles, Toronto hotels Rexdale-Kipling, Toronto hotels Don Mills, Toronto hotels York University Heights, Toronto hotels The Kingsway, Toronto hotels Chinatown, Toronto hotels The Annex, Toronto hotels Yonge-Eglinton, Toronto hotels West Hill, Toronto hotels East York, Toronto hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto vacation rentals Niagara Falls vacation rentals Montreal vacation rentals Vancouver vacation rentals Ottawa vacation rentals Calgary vacation rentals Victoria vacation rentals Québec City vacation rentals Banff vacation rentals Edmonton vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Yonge-Dundas Square airports Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo Airport Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels near popular Yonge-Dundas Square landmarks Union Train Station University of Toronto Toronto City Hall Old Toronto Hotels in popular Canada regions Ontario British Columbia Alberta Quebec Nova Scotia New Brunswick Manitoba Saskatchewan Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador Show more About Yonge-Dundas Square Lights flash, and people converge at Yonge-Dundas Square in Downtown Toronto. Billboards send their advertisements across the public space, leading the eye on a merry dance from greens to blues to reds. It's a vibrant scene after dark, with the lights reflecting in the fountains below. After being built in 2002, Yonge-Dundas Square has hosted many major public events and performances, as well as establishing itself as one of Toronto's major tourist attractions. It's situated at the intersection of Yonge Street and Dundas Street East, in the heart of the Yonge entertainment district. Location makes Yonge-Dundas Square such an unmissable part of the Toronto visitor experience. It's surrounded by famous landmarks and attractions, acting as a central meeting place for the best the city has to offer. Within walking distance are Ed Mirvish Theatre, Atrium on Bay, the facades of 10 and 33 Dundas Street East, plus Ryerson University. Pedestrians cross the square in a mass scramble that's been modelled on Tokyo's Shibuya Crossing, while the billboards around the square have drawn comparisons with London's Piccadilly Circus and New York's Times Square. Dotted about the square are 600 fountains, which spurt water throughout the day and night. Dundas Station practically stands on the square and is the easiest means of getting here. This station is on the Toronto subway. From the square, it's easy to continue the journey on foot, either south towards Lake Ontario or north along Dundas Street to the urban heart of Toronto. Unlike many busy city squares, Yonge-Dundas hasn't always been an open space in the city. The whole area was a mishmash of commercial buildings, many of which were showing serious signs of decay. Rather than being rebuilt, they were all knocked down to form the public space in 1998. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels Yonge-Dundas Square Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
