https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Bon_Accueil_Montreal.htm
Hotel Bon Accueil, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Bon Accueil Hotel Bon Accueil Hotel 1601 St-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 199 reviews 6.8 C$ 107 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Bon Accueil Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Bon Accueil Just a stone's throw from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers a Victorian place to stay, close to Montreal's various tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of complimentary inter... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 6.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 527 9655 All policies Amenities at Hotel Bon Accueil Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Express check-out Terrace/Patio Parking Family rooms Linens Towels Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Room service Heating Shower TV Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Bon Accueil Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Bon Accueil Empire Suites 6.2 Good 1606 Rue Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Just minutes from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Empire Suites offers a charming place to stay, close to Montreal's various attractions. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Lelux Hotel 5.6 Okay 1600 rue Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located only a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base when in Montreal. It also features free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arena Palace Montreal 1553, St André, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is moments on foot from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Chez Jean 4136 Henri Julien, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Situated within walking distance of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge Chez Jean provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It is located in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Bon Accueil 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 199 verified guest reviews 6.5Couples 7.1Families 7.1Friends 6.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Bon Accueil All photos (29) Bedroom (15) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Patio (2) Where is Hotel Bon Accueil Most Popular Landmarks Marché Bonsecours1.1 km Notre-Dame Basilica1.4 km Vieux-Port de Montréal1.5 km Christ Church Cathedral1.6 km Stade Percival-Molson1.7 km Eaton Centre1.7 km Getting Around Montreal Bus0.1 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.7 km Montreal Central1.9 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.2 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Bon Accueil Is pricing at Hotel Bon Accueil comparable to 2 star hotels in Montreal? There is a 34% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Montreal and the average nightly rate at Hotel Bon Accueil. The rate at Hotel Bon Accueil is just C$ 113/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Montreal. How close is Hotel Bon Accueil to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With a distance of 16 km between Hotel Bon Accueil and the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Hotel Bon Accueil? Hotel Bon Accueil has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Bon Accueil guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. How close is Hotel Bon Accueil from the Montreal city center? Hotel Bon Accueil is 0.3 km away from the center of Latin Quarter, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Bon Accueil by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Bon Accueil phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Bon Accueil at +1 514 527 9655. Does Hotel Bon Accueil have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Bon Accueil has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Bon Accueil? 11:30 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Bon Accueil, Montreal? On average, guests have been paying C$ 113 per night to stay at Hotel Bon Accueil. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 84 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Hotel Bon Accueil from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Hotel Bon Accueil is about 1.5 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Bon Accueil close to Centre Bell? Hotel Bon Accueil is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 2.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Bon Accueil Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
