https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Chateau_Bellevue.htm
Hotel Chateau Bellevue, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Chateau Bellevue Hotel Chateau Bellevue Hotel 16 Rue de la Porte, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 498 reviews 7.9 C$ 138 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Chateau Bellevue Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Chateau Bellevue Situated in the city centre, Hotel Chateau Bellevue offers easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also features a Jacuzzi and a fitness centre. This 3-star hote... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 14.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 692 2573 All policies Amenities at Hotel Chateau Bellevue Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio River view Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Mosquito net Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Continental breakfast Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Ski storage Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Chateau Bellevue Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Chateau Bellevue Manoir Sainte Genevieve 8.0 Excellent 13 Av. Sainte-Geneviève, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Manoir Sainte Genevieve offers easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing and retail areas. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Jardin du Gouverneur 7.0 Good 16, Rue Mont-Carmel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Hotel Jardin du Gouverneur allows for easy access to Quebec City's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac 8.7 Excellent 1 rue des Carrieres, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac allows for easy access to Quebec City's main tourist and retail hot spots. Just a short walk from Price Building, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a mini bar, a coffee maker and wireless internet access. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge St-Louis 7.1 Good 48, Rue Saint-Louis, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Auberge St-Louis allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. It provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Chateau Bellevue 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 498 verified guest reviews 8.1Solo 7.9Couples 8.1Friends 7.9Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Chateau Bellevue All photos (35) Bedroom (9) Other (6) Bathroom (5) Building (4) Where is Hotel Chateau Bellevue Most Popular Landmarks Quartier Petit Champlain0.2 km Dufferin Terrace0.2 km Place Royale0.4 km Museum of Civilization0.6 km Plains of Abraham0.7 km Church of St. Roch1.4 km Getting Around Québec City St-Augustin0.9 km Québec City Gare du Palais1.0 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.2 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.4 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.8 km Québec City Camp Mercier47.4 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Chateau Bellevue How close is Hotel Chateau Bellevue to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 14.1 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Chateau Bellevue. The average expected drive time from Hotel Chateau Bellevue to Québec City Airport is 0h 10m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Chateau Bellevue? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Hotel Chateau Bellevue where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotel Chateau Bellevue considered pet-friendly? Hotel Chateau Bellevue welcomes most household pets. How close is Hotel Chateau Bellevue from the Québec City city center? Hotel Chateau Bellevue is 0.2 km away from the center of Vieux Québec, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Chateau Bellevue by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Chateau Bellevue phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 692 2573. Does Hotel Chateau Bellevue have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Chateau Bellevue has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Chateau Bellevue? Yes, Hotel Chateau Bellevue has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hotel Chateau Bellevue? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hotel Chateau Bellevue, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Chateau Bellevue, Québec City? Hotel Chateau Bellevue room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 167/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 76/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Chateau Bellevue? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Chateau Bellevue restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Hotel Chateau Bellevue have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hotel Chateau Bellevue that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel Chateau Bellevue from Place Royale? Place Royale in Québec City is 0.4 km away from Hotel Chateau Bellevue. Is Hotel Chateau Bellevue close to Dufferin Terrace? Dufferin Terrace is also a popular place to see in Québec City. It is 0.2 km from Hotel Chateau Bellevue. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Chateau Bellevue Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
