https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Mela.htm
Hotel Mela Times Square, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hotel Mela Times Square Hotel Mela Times Square Hotel 120 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,843 reviews 7.0 C$ 169 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Mela Times Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Mela Times Square Located in Manhattan, Hotel Mela offers 4-star accommodation and luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is close to Times Square, eateries and shops. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 710 7000 All policies Amenities at Hotel Mela Times Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning ATM on-site No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Disabled Access Hairdryer Safety deposit box Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Fire extinguisher Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Safe Room service Smoke alarms Heating Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe 24hr front desk Private parking CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Mela Times Square Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hotel Mela Times Square Millennium Premier New York Times Square 7.0 Good 133 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, and offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Times Square and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Times Square New York 8.5 Excellent 135 West 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in New York City, Hyatt Centric Times Square New York provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It also features a rooftop terrace with city views. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals City Club Hotel 7.5 Good 55 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel City Club Hotel New York City provides elegant 4-star accommodation in New York City. It is close to Times Square, restaurants and shops. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Mela Times Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 1,849 verified guest reviews 6.8Solo 7.1Friends 7.1Couples 6.9Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date A 6.9 Okay Anonymous, Aug. 2017 very clean. bed had no headboard. no table. no lamp. Photos of Hotel Mela Times Square All photos (40) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Living room (3) Where is Hotel Mela Times Square Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.3 km Bryant Park0.4 km Broadway0.5 km Grand Central Terminal0.7 km Empire State Building0.9 km Chrysler Building0.9 km Getting Around New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.4 km New York Port Authority0.5 km New York 201 West 37th St0.6 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.6 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.6 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Mela Times Square Is pricing at Hotel Mela Times Square comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? There is a 40% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in New York and the average nightly rate at Hotel Mela Times Square. The rate at Hotel Mela Times Square is just C$ 372/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in New York. How close is Hotel Mela Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 21.6 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hotel Mela Times Square. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hotel Mela Times Square? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Mela Times Square from the New York city center? Hotel Mela Times Square is 0.1 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Mela Times Square by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Mela Times Square phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Mela Times Square at +1 212 710 7000. Does Hotel Mela Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Mela Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Mela Times Square? The standard check-out time at Hotel Mela Times Square is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Mela Times Square, New York? C$ 99 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Mela Times Square, with average deals around C$ 372 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Mela Times Square? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Mela Times Square restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Mela Times Square have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Mela Times Square. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Mela Times Square from Rockefeller Center? Hotel Mela Times Square is about 0.5 km from Rockefeller Center, one of New York’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Mela Times Square close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.3 km between Times Square and Hotel Mela Times Square. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Hotel Mela Times Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
