https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Metropolitan_Tokyo_Ikebukuro.htm
Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Hotel 1-6-1 Nishi-Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 640 reviews 8.7 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Offering an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro is an ideal setting for a relaxing getaway and presents unique views of Tokyo. It is close to Ikebukuro, dining options and sh... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.5 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 61.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 339 801 111 All policies Amenities at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Air purifiers All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pyjamas Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station 7.9 Good 1-8-9 Higashi Ikebukuro, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centurion Hotel Ikebukuro Station offers modern accommodation in Tokyo and is within a 20-minute walk of Higashi-Ikebukuro-yonchome Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Sunshine City Prince Hotel 8.3 Excellent 3-1-5 Higashi-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Offering views of Tokyo, guests of Sunshine City Prince Hotel Ikebukuro can expect luxury amenities such as a limousine service. It is close to Sunshine 60, restaurants and shops. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Apa Hotel Sugamo Ekimae 8.1 Excellent 2-9-7 Sugamo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel APA Hotel Sugamo Ekimae is situated in Tokyo and features free wireless internet. It also offers massage services, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Nine Hours Shinjuku-North 9.0 Excellent 1-4-15 Hyakunincho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Situated in Central Tokyo, Nine Hours Shinjuku-North provides 1-star accommodation and a 24-hour reception, a lift and free Wi-Fi. The hotel is also ideally located minutes on foot from Shin-Okubo Railway Station. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 643 verified guest reviews 8.9Friends 8.8Solo 8.7Couples 8.4Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Aug. 2018 great impression when I stayed there I received for upgrade room ,Surprise A 6.5 Okay Anonymous, Nov. 2017 The bellboys were very helpful with information on taxi charges and travel time needed. J 8.5 Great jay, Apr. 2017 convenient to take metro with short walk. Photos of Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro All photos (60) Bedroom (25) Restaurant (10) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Where is Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Most Popular Landmarks Toyosu Market11.5 km Tokyo Dome4.7 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden4.8 km Ueno Koen6.0 km Yoyogi Koen6.4 km Akihabara Electric Town6.7 km Getting Around Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal1.1 km Tokyo Shinagawa11.5 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal4.5 km Tokyo Ueno6.4 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube6.7 km Tokyo7.4 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Is pricing at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro comparable to 4 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotels in Tokyo that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 855/night, but on average, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro is available for 85% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro for C$ 172/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Tokyo. How close is Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro is 21 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro from the Tokyo city center? The center of Ikebukuro, Tokyo, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tokyo Dome, which you can get to from Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro at +81 339 801 111. Does Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro. What is the check-out time at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro? Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro, Tokyo? On average, guests have been paying C$ 172 per night to stay at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 51 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo Ikebukuro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
