https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Samjung.htm
Hotel Samjung, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Samjung Hotel Samjung Hotel 150, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 186 reviews 8.0 C$ 108 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Samjung Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Samjung Featuring a sauna, Hotel Samjung is located in Seoul and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Sinnonhyeon Subway Station (Line 9). <... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 51.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2557 1221 All policies Amenities at Hotel Samjung Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Shower Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Telephone Kettle Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Toothbrush Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Services Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Samjung Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotel Samjung Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam 8.9 Excellent 134, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Seoul offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a 24-hour reception. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals New Hilltop Hotel 645, Nonhyeon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Nonhyeon Subway Station (Line 7), New Hilltop Hotel offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Ocloud Hotel Gangnam 8.0 Excellent 12, Sapyeong-daero 58-gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Ocloud Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Imperial Palace Seoul is located under a 10-minute stroll from Gangnam-gu Office Station Subway Station (Line 7) and offers air conditioned rooms with a hydromassage shower, a mini bar and a hydro-massage bathtub. It provides free Wi-Fi, and also features a golf course. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Samjung 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 186 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.0Solo 7.5Friends 7.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Samjung All photos (26) Bedroom (7) Banquet hall (4) Building (3) Gym (3) Where is Hotel Samjung Most Popular Landmarks COEX Mall2.5 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium3.8 km Dongdaemun Market7.2 km Dongdaemun Gate7.5 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool8.5 km Gyeongbokgung Palace9.3 km Getting Around Seoul Sangbong11.2 km Seoul Yongsan6.4 km Seoul Bus7.5 km Seoul Cheongnyangni8.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Samjung Is pricing at Hotel Samjung comparable to 4 star hotels in Seoul? Hotel Samjung is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 241 per night in Seoul. Hotel Samjung will run you C$ 158 per night, which is 52% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is Hotel Samjung to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Hotel Samjung is 21.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotel Samjung? For the most freedom while visiting Seoul, consider renting a car for about C$ 128/day and parking it at Hotel Samjung where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Samjung guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is Hotel Samjung from the Seoul city center? Hotel Samjung is just 0.9 km away from the center of Nonhyeon-dong, Seoul. From Hotel Samjung you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Hotel Samjung phone number? For questions about Hotel Samjung and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +82 (0) 2557 1221. Does Hotel Samjung have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Samjung has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Samjung? Hotel Samjung check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Samjung, Seoul? Usually Hotel Samjung room prices are around C$ 158/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 79/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Samjung? There is a restaurant located in Hotel Samjung. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Samjung have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Samjung. How far is Hotel Samjung from Jamsil Sports Complex? You can walk to Jamsil Sports Complex while staying at Hotel Samjung - you’ll be about 3.8 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Samjung Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
