https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Biz_Jongro.htm
Hotel Biz Jongro, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Biz Jongro Hotel Biz Jongro Hotel 7, Samil-daero 26-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 13 reviews 8.0 C$ 41 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Biz Jongro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Biz Jongro Hotel Biz Jongro is situated in Seoul and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Jongmyo, Jongno Tower and Cheonggyecheon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an e... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 49.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2743 2001 All policies Amenities at Hotel Biz Jongro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Express check-out Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Kettle Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Refrigerator Free toiletries Safe Breakfast included Disinfection of high-touch surfaces 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Biz Jongro Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotel Biz Jongro Insadong Crown Hotel 25, Nakwan-Dong, Jongro-gu, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated only a short stroll from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Insadong Crown Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Kuretakeso Insadong 8.3 Excellent 20-9, Insadong-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Hotel Kuretakeso Insa Dong Seoul offers complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It provides a wake-up service and a lift, and is a brief walk from Cheonggyecheon. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Biz Jongro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 13 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 10.0Friends 7.7Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date A 3.5 Poor Anonymous, Apr. 2018 when they clean the room they keep the window open where the insects comes in. there are some cockroaches inside the bathroom. their laundry is broken and cant even find any near laundry area. Photos of Hotel Biz Jongro All photos (47) Bedroom (15) Outdoors view (6) Bathroom (5) Attractions (4) Where is Hotel Biz Jongro Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.2 km Dongdaemun Market1.8 km Dongdaemun Gate1.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.4 km Yeouido Park7.8 km COEX Mall9.0 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.7 km Seoul Yongsan5.3 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.4 km Seoul Sangbong8.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Biz Jongro Is pricing at Hotel Biz Jongro comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Hotel Biz Jongro is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 143 per night in Seoul. Hotel Biz Jongro will run you C$ 57 per night, which is 70% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is Hotel Biz Jongro to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 16.6 km between Hotel Biz Jongro and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotel Biz Jongro? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Biz Jongro from the Seoul city center? Hotel Biz Jongro is 0.1 km away from the center of Nakwon-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Biz Jongro by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Biz Jongro phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 2743 2001. Does Hotel Biz Jongro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Biz Jongro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Biz Jongro? Hotel Biz Jongro check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Biz Jongro, Seoul? Prices at Hotel Biz Jongro will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 57, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 30. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Biz Jongro? Hotel Biz Jongro does have a restaurant. Does Hotel Biz Jongro have a laundry service? Hotel Biz Jongro does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Hotel Biz Jongro from Dongdaemun Gate? Hotel Biz Jongro is about 1.9 km from Dongdaemun Gate, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Biz Jongro close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, Hotel Biz Jongro is just 1.1 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Biz Jongro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
