https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Le_Crystal_Montreal.htm
Hotel Le Crystal Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Le Crystal Hotel Hotel 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada C$ 150 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Offering a saltwater pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Le Crystal Montreal is in a convenient location close to Bell Centre and Le Windsor. This property is ideally located in Downtown Montreal. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 861 5550 All policies Amenities at Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Spa bath Express check-out Parking Cable or satellite TV EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Sauna Room service Coffee shop Hot tub Indoor pool 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile sits majestically at the foot of the lush Mount Royal Park, conveniently located in the heart of the city, within the historic Golden Square Mile, making it the ideal destination for business travelers, fashion, art and museum lovers as well as gourmets. Enjoy the masterful blend of minimalist design and warm sophistication at our luxury hotel. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Novotel Montreal Centre 8.2 Excellent 1180 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Novotel Montreal Center allows for easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest, an IHG Hotel 8.5 Excellent 1390 Boulevard René-Lévesque Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Suites Downtown 6.8 Good 1214 Crescent Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Comfort Suites Downtown Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The various amenities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and a 24-hour reception. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1201 Boulevard Rene-Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main tourist and retail hot spots. The multiple amenities this modern hotel features include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Hotel Le Crystal Montreal All photos (3) Bedroom (3) Where is Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell0.3 km Place Ville-Marie0.6 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.6 km Place Bonaventure0.7 km Eaton Centre0.7 km Christ Church Cathedral0.8 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.6 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.3 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.6 km Montreal Bus2.3 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.6 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Le Crystal Montreal How close is Le Crystal Hotel to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 14.4 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Le Crystal Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Le Crystal Hotel? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Le Crystal Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, Le Crystal Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Le Crystal Hotel considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Le Crystal Hotel during their stay. Is there a pool at Le Crystal Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Montreal often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Le Crystal Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Le Crystal Hotel from the Montreal city center? The center of Shaughnessy Village, Montreal, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Le Crystal Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Le Crystal Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Le Crystal Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 861 5550 to talk to a Le Crystal Hotel front desk representative. Does Le Crystal Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Crystal Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Le Crystal Hotel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Le Crystal Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. Is there a restaurant at Le Crystal Hotel? Le Crystal Hotel does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Le Crystal Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Le Crystal Hotel. How far is Le Crystal Hotel from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at Le Crystal Hotel - you’ll be about 1.8 km away. Is Le Crystal Hotel close to Centre Bell? The distance from Le Crystal Hotel to Centre Bell is 0.3 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Le Crystal Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
