https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Boston_Boston.htm
Hotel Boston, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Hotel Boston Hotel Boston Hotel 40 Mt. Hood Road, Boston, MA, United States OkayBased on 97 reviews 4.9 C$ 221 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Boston Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Boston This comfortable hotel in Boston offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditi... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.3 km Rating 4.9 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 11.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 566 6260 All policies Amenities at Hotel Boston Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Enhanced cleaning Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Cable or satellite TV Microwave Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator 24hr front desk Free toiletries Storage available Show more Activities Eco tourism Services Daily housekeeping Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Boston Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Hotel Boston Natalie House 9.1 Excellent 39 Wiltshire Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated close to Chestnut Hill Avenue MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Boston and its surrounds. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Studio Allston Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1234 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Located in Boston, Studio Allston Hotel is an easy drive from Boston Commons and offers private parking on site. It provides 3.5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Doubletree Suites By Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge 8.5 Excellent 400 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge is within a 15-minute drive of Logan International Airport and provides an indoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a Jacuzzi. It offers 3-star accommodation and views of the city. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Fenway Inn By Found 5.6 Okay 12 Hemenway Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.6 km from current hotel Located in Boston, Boston Fenway Inn Hostel is set amongst a variety of shops and boutiques and is minutes on foot from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station. It is situated a brief stroll from Hynes Convention Center and Newbury Street. C$ 462 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Boston 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.9 MediocreBased on 97 verified guest reviews 4.9Families 5.0Couples 5.2Solo 5.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Boston All photos (31) Bedroom (8) Building (4) Outdoors view (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Hotel Boston Most Popular Landmarks Agganis Arena2.5 km Harvard Stadium3.0 km Fenway Park3.9 km Museum of Fine Arts4.2 km Prudential Center5.1 km Copley Place5.4 km Getting Around Boston Allston2.0 km Boston 39 Dalton Street4.9 km Boston Back Bay5.7 km Boston Park Plaza6.4 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave6.8 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave6.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Boston How close is Hotel Boston to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? At 11.5 km away, Boston Logan Intl Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Boston. The average expected drive time from Hotel Boston to Boston Logan Intl Airport is 0h 08m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Hotel Boston? Hotel Boston has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Boston from the Boston city center? The center of Brighton, Boston, is just 1.4 km away from the front doors of Hotel Boston. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Museum of Science, which you can get to from Hotel Boston using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Boston phone number? For questions about Hotel Boston and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 566 6260. Does Hotel Boston have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Boston has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Boston? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How far is Hotel Boston from Harvard Stadium? Hotel Boston is a walkable distance (3 km) from Harvard Stadium, Boston. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Hotel Boston Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
