https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Monterey_Ginza.htm
Hotel Monterey Ginza, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Monterey Ginza Hotel Monterey Ginza Hotel 2-10-2 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,685 reviews 8.2 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Monterey Ginza Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Monterey Ginza Situated in Tokyo, this 4-star property is modern and cosy. It is close to Ginza, eateries and shops. This traditional hotel offers valet parking, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. Welcoming and ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 56.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 335 447 111 All policies Amenities at Hotel Monterey Ginza Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Radio Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Smartphone Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Monterey Ginza Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Monterey Ginza Hotel Monterey La Soeur Ginza 8.2 Excellent 1-10-18 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Central Tokyo, Hotel Monterey La Soeur Ginza is minutes away from Ginza. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Mitsui Garden Hotel Tokyo 8.7 Excellent 5-11-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, Millennium Mitsui Garden Hotel Tokyo offers 4-star accommodation and a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and massage services. It is situated a short walk from Ginza and Yurakucho. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo-Kyobashi 7.9 Good 2-11-1 Kyobashi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo-Kyobashi is located in Tokyo and is close to the area's popular attractions. It is situated a short stroll from Marunouchi, Nihonbashi and Ginza. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Tokyo Ginza Bay Hotel 7-13-15 Ginza, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel This Tokyo hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Nippon Television. It is close to Nakagin Capsule Tower, dining options and shops. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Monterey Ginza 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,685 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.2Solo 8.2Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date J 10.0 Excellent Jean, Apr. 2018 good Photos of Hotel Monterey Ginza All photos (39) Bedroom (19) Banquet hall (4) Restaurant (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Hotel Monterey Ginza Most Popular Landmarks Ginza Mitsukoshi0.3 km Akihabara Electric Town2.9 km Toyosu Market3.4 km Roppongi Hills3.7 km Tokyo Dome3.9 km Ueno Koen4.7 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit0.5 km Tokyo0.8 km Tokyo1.0 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.8 km Tokyo Ueno4.6 km Tokyo Shinagawa5.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Monterey Ginza Is pricing at Hotel Monterey Ginza comparable to 4 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotel Monterey Ginza is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Tokyo. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 855 per night in Tokyo. Hotel Monterey Ginza will run you C$ 146 per night, which is 88% cheaper than the Tokyo average. How close is Hotel Monterey Ginza to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With a distance of 13.8 km between Hotel Monterey Ginza and the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 10m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Monterey Ginza? Hotel Monterey Ginza has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Tokyo, renting a car for around C$ 95/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Tokyo Haneda Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Monterey Ginza from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Monterey Ginza is 0.8 km away from the center of Chūō, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Monterey Ginza by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Monterey Ginza phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Monterey Ginza at +81 335 447 111. Does Hotel Monterey Ginza have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Monterey Ginza has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Monterey Ginza? Hotel Monterey Ginza check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Monterey Ginza, Tokyo? On average, guests have been paying C$ 146 per night to stay at Hotel Monterey Ginza. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 56 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Monterey Ginza? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Monterey Ginza, Tokyo. Does Hotel Monterey Ginza have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hotel Monterey Ginza. How far is Hotel Monterey Ginza from Akihabara Electric Town? Hotel Monterey Ginza is a walkable distance (2.9 km) from Akihabara Electric Town, Tokyo. Is Hotel Monterey Ginza close to Akasaka Sacas? If you want to see Akasaka Sacas while visiting Tokyo, Hotel Monterey Ginza is just 2.9 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Monterey Ginza Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
