https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/The_Harbourfront.htm
Hotels near The Harbourfront, Toronto - Amazing Deals on 414 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near The Harbourfront, Toronto Search and compare hotels near The Harbourfront from hundreds of travel sites and save The Harbourfront - Toronto, ON, Canada 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests The Harbourfront - Toronto, ON, Canada Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels The Harbourfront Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near The Harbourfront Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 104 reviews 9.0 Centrally located, Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience offers easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing and retail areas. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Shangri-La Toronto 8.9 Excellent 188 University Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 170 reviews 8.9 Set in the heart of the city, Shangri-La Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main sightseeing and retail areas. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Toronto-Dominion Centre, Queen Street West and Toronto City Hall. View Deals Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 645 reviews 8.4 Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Toronto Downtown / Entertainment District 8.2 Excellent 255 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,279 reviews 8.2 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It provides outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and complimentary Wi-Fi. View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Toronto 9.3 Excellent 181 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 185 reviews 9.3 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 317 reviews 8.7 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, valet parking and an outdoor pool. View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 427 reviews 9.0 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. View Deals The Soho Hotel & Residences 8.8 Excellent 318 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 373 reviews 8.8 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. View Deals All 414 hotels near The Harbourfront Top Rated hotels near The Harbourfront Show all 414 hotels 1 iHost Suites Ice Condo 8.3 Excellent Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Queens Quay Station. View Deals 2 The Ivy at Verity 8.9 Excellent 111d Queen Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Ivy at Verity allows for easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Toronto Eaton Centre. View Deals 3 Simply Comfort Gorgeous Apartments in the Heart of Toronto 7.9 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, Simply Comfort Gorgeous Downtown Apartment allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is located a brief walk from CN Tower, Toronto-Dominion Centre and Rogers Centre. View Deals 4 Strathcona Hotel 1.3 Poor 60 York Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Strathcona Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is also situated five minutes on foot from Toronto-Dominion Centre, and provides a convenient shuttle service. View Deals 5 Chestnut Residence and Conference Centre - University of Toronto 6.1 Good 89 Chestnut Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The hotel is situated in the heart of Toronto, a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. It is steps from Toronto Eaton Centre, restaurants and nightlife options. View Deals Cheapest hotels near The Harbourfront, Toronto Show all 414 hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Rooms in the Heart of DT Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently situated, Simply Comfort Rooms in the Heart of Downtown allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It is located a brief walk from CN Tower, Toronto-Dominion Centre and the Hockey Hall of Fame. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Chinatown Travellers Home 31 Grange Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, Chinatown Travellers Home allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Bond Place Hotel 5.2 Okay 65 Dundas Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Bond Place Hotel offers modern accommodation in Toronto and is a short stroll from Toronto Coach Terminal. This stylish hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Sonder The Beverley 6.9 Good 335 Queen Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is close to Queen Street West, shops and nightlife options. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites 5.0 Okay 135 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Topline Suites - Ice Condos Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, TopLine Suites - Ice Condos offers easy access to Toronto's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It is located a short walk from CN Tower, Rogers Centre and Toronto-Dominion Centre. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ocho 8.0 Excellent 195 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently situated, Hotel Ocho offers easy access to Toronto's popular hot spots. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in The Harbourfront 3 stars #1 Most popular Strathcona Hotel 60 York Street, Toronto, ON, Canada 1.3 C$ 304 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Victoria 56 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 446 View Deal Best value Bond Place Hotel 65 Dundas Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada 5.2 C$ 98 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Fairmont Royal York 100 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.3 C$ 294 View Deal #2 Most popular One King West Hotel & Residence 1 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada 8.5 C$ 225 View Deal Best value DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtown 108 Chestnut Street, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.5 C$ 205 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in The Harbourfront Hotels near popular The Harbourfront airports Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo Airport Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto vacation rentals Niagara Falls vacation rentals Montreal vacation rentals Vancouver vacation rentals Ottawa vacation rentals Calgary vacation rentals Victoria vacation rentals Québec City vacation rentals Banff vacation rentals Edmonton vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular The Harbourfront neighbourhoods Roncesvalles, Toronto hotels Rexdale-Kipling, Toronto hotels Don Mills, Toronto hotels York University Heights, Toronto hotels The Kingsway, Toronto hotels Chinatown, Toronto hotels The Annex, Toronto hotels Yonge-Eglinton, Toronto hotels West Hill, Toronto hotels East York, Toronto hotels Show more Hotels in popular Canada cities Toronto hotels Niagara Falls hotels Montreal hotels Vancouver hotels Ottawa hotels Calgary hotels Victoria hotels Québec City hotels Banff hotels Edmonton hotels Show more Hotels in popular Canada regions Ontario British Columbia Alberta Quebec Nova Scotia New Brunswick Manitoba Saskatchewan Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador Show more Hotels near popular The Harbourfront landmarks Union Train Station University of Toronto Toronto City Hall Old Toronto Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Facts about staying in The Harbourfront What are the best hotels near The Harbourfront? 1 Hotel Toronto is a very popular hotel near The Harbourfront, with a score of 8.8 from 139 reviews. Simply Comfort Gorgeous Apartments in the Heart of Toronto (7.9 from 382 reviews) and Simply Comfort. Elegant Downtown Apartments (7.5 from 106 reviews) are also highly rated The Harbourfront hotels, based on recent feedback from HotelsCombined users. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Downtown Hotels The Harbourfront Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
