https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Skypark_Myeongdong_III.htm
Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Hotel 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 688 reviews 8.3 C$ 66 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 48.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 900 9351 All policies Amenities at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii L7 Myeongdong By Lotte 8.7 Excellent 137 Toegye-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated next to Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4), L7 Myeongdong by LOTTE is an ideal base when visiting Seoul. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Sejong Hotel 8.0 Excellent 145, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Sejong Hotel is situated in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is moments on foot from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Nine Tree Hotel Myeongdong 8.6 Excellent 51, Myeongdong 10 Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring views of the city, Nine Tree Hotel Myeongdong offers 3-star accommodation in Seoul. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 7.9 Good 302, Samil-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also provides a rooftop terrace, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 684 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 8.4Solo 8.1Couples 8.4Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii All photos (41) Bedroom (20) Building (5) Room amenity (4) Front desk (2) Where is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.0 km Dongdaemun Market2.0 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.1 km Dongdaemun Gate2.3 km Yeouido Park6.9 km COEX Mall8.2 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.7 km Seoul Yongsan4.0 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.9 km Seoul Sangbong9.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Is pricing at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii comparable to 2 star hotels in Seoul? There is a 44% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Seoul and the average nightly rate at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii. The rate at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii is just C$ 96/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Seoul. How close is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 16.4 km drive between Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii from the Seoul city center? The center of Jung-gu, Seoul, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 26 900 9351. Does Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii, Seoul? Usually Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii room prices are around C$ 96/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 43/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii. How far is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii from Dongdaemun Gate? Dongdaemun Gate in Seoul is 2.3 km away from Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii. Is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii close to Gwanghwamun? Gwanghwamun is also a popular place to see in Seoul. It is 1.9 km from Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
