https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Plaza_Quebec.htm
Hotel Plaza Quebec, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Plaza Quebec Hotel Plaza Quebec Hotel 3031 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,606 reviews 7.6 C$ 151 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Plaza Quebec Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Plaza Quebec Boasting a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Plaza Quebec is located in Quebec City and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a playgro... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.0 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 7.8 km Policies Check-in time 5:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 658 2727 All policies Amenities at Hotel Plaza Quebec Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Long-term parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Kitchenette Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Game room Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Playground Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Plaza Quebec Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Plaza Quebec Auberge Québec 6.0 Good 3055 Boul. Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Sainte-Foy Railway Station, Auberge Quebec offers guests a convenient base while in Quebec City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a beauty centre and an outdoor pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Quartier Ascend Hotel Collection 8.2 Excellent 2955 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Quartier an Ascend Hotel Collection Member is set in Quebec City and is close to local attractions, including Laurier Quebec. It also offers massage services, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hôtel Québec 7.9 Good 3115, Avenue Des Hôtels, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel L'Hotel Quebec is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Lindbergh Québec - Place Laurier 7.4 Good 2825 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Lindbergh Quebec City provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Quebec City. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Plaza Quebec 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,606 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 7.5Families 7.7Couples 7.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Plaza Quebec All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (10) Other (8) Living room (6) Where is Hotel Plaza Quebec Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec0.7 km Quebec Aquarium Park1.5 km Aquarium du Quebec1.6 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency17.6 km Village Vacances Valcartier24.1 km Mont Sainte-Anne45.2 km Getting Around Québec City Laurier (chul)0.9 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.1 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.2 km Québec City Vallée14.1 km Québec City Université Laval2.4 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy2.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Plaza Quebec Is pricing at Hotel Plaza Quebec comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? The average rate for a night at Hotel Plaza Quebec is 40% less than the Québec City average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Plaza Quebec is typically C$ 166, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Québec City. How close is Hotel Plaza Quebec to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Hotel Plaza Quebec is 7.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 06m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Plaza Quebec? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Hotel Plaza Quebec where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Plaza Quebec guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is there a pool at Hotel Plaza Quebec? Yes, Hotel Plaza Quebec has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Plaza Quebec from the Québec City city center? Hotel Plaza Quebec is just 0.7 km away from the center of Saint-Louis, Québec City. From Hotel Plaza Quebec you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Place Royale. What is the Hotel Plaza Quebec phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Plaza Quebec at +1 418 658 2727. Does Hotel Plaza Quebec have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Plaza Quebec has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Plaza Quebec? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hotel Plaza Quebec. What is the check-out time at Hotel Plaza Quebec? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hotel Plaza Quebec, guests should plan for any time after 5:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Plaza Quebec, Québec City? Usually Hotel Plaza Quebec room prices are around C$ 166/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 108/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Plaza Quebec? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Plaza Quebec restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Plaza Quebec have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hotel Plaza Quebec that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Plaza Quebec from Quebec Aquarium Park? Hotel Plaza Quebec is a good place to stay to see Quebec Aquarium Park. It’s 1.5 km away. Is Hotel Plaza Quebec close to Aquarium du Quebec? Hotel Plaza Quebec is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Aquarium du Quebec, which is 1.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Plaza Quebec Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
