https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Van_Gogh.htm
Hotel Van Gogh, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Hotel Van Gogh Hotel Van Gogh Hotel Van de Veldestraat 5, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 2,106 reviews 8.2 C$ 100 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Van Gogh Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Van Gogh Boasting free Wi-Fi, Hotel Van Gogh is situated in Amsterdam and provides unique accommodation. It is moments from the Van Gogh Museum, eateries and nightlife options. This traditional hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.9 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 9.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 202 629 200 All policies Amenities at Hotel Van Gogh Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Casino Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Van Gogh Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Hotel Van Gogh Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Vossius Vondelpark 7.5 Good Vossiusstraat 8, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hotel Vossius Vondelpark is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It is situated a short stroll from the Rijksmuseum, Theater Bellevue and the Van Gogh Museum. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cornelisz 8.5 Excellent PC Hooftstraat 24-28, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Amsterdam, Hotel Cornelisz provides stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the Rijksmuseum. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Trianon Hotel 6.7 Good 3 J.W. Brouwersstraat, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Budget Trianon Hotel provides a cosy setting when in Amsterdam. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Olympic Hotel 8.4 Excellent Ijsbaanpad 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in Amsterdam, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and provides a sauna and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Van Gogh 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 2,106 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.2Couples 8.1Families 7.9Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date P 10.0 Excellent Patrick, Jul. 2018 The reception people were very friendly and welcoming. We had a good room very close to reception but still totally quiet, and the local kindy had an afternoon party right outside our window which added an atmosphere of happiness and vibrancy. The location was ideal for visiting museums and getting to the canals quickly. The breakfast was excellent and very reasonable at only 5 euro each. When we checked out we were able to leave our luggage to collect later in the day and even our son and his family who were staying in another place were allowed to use this facility free of charge! Photos of Hotel Van Gogh All photos (51) Bedroom (19) Room amenity (8) Outdoors view (5) Other (4) Where is Hotel Van Gogh Most Popular Landmarks Rijksmuseum0.3 km Heineken Experience0.8 km Royal Palace Amsterdam1.7 km Anne Frank Huis1.8 km Amsterdam RAI2.1 km Olympisch Stadion2.5 km Getting Around Amsterdam Rijksmuseum0.2 km Amsterdam Leidseplein0.3 km Amsterdam Roemer Visscherstraat0.3 km Amsterdam Museumplein0.3 km Amsterdam Vondelstraat0.4 km Amsterdam Tesselschadestraat0.4 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Van Gogh Is pricing at Hotel Van Gogh comparable to 3 star hotels in Amsterdam? Nightly rates at Hotel Van Gogh will generally be 53% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Amsterdam. When staying at Hotel Van Gogh, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 163/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Amsterdam for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Hotel Van Gogh to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? There are 9.6 km between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Hotel Van Gogh. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Hotel Van Gogh? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Van Gogh from the Amsterdam city center? Hotel Van Gogh is just 0.7 km away from the center of De Weteringschans, Amsterdam. From Hotel Van Gogh you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rijksmuseum. What is the Hotel Van Gogh phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +31 202 629 200 to talk to a Hotel Van Gogh front desk representative. Does Hotel Van Gogh have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Van Gogh has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Van Gogh? Hotel Van Gogh has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Van Gogh, Amsterdam? C$ 66 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Van Gogh, with average deals around C$ 163 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Hotel Van Gogh have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Van Gogh from Van Gogh Museum? The popular Van Gogh Museum is just over 0.1 km from Hotel Van Gogh. Is Hotel Van Gogh close to Anne Frank Huis? If you want to see Anne Frank Huis while visiting Amsterdam, Hotel Van Gogh is just 1.8 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Hotel Van Gogh Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
