https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Manu_Myeongdong.htm
Hotel Manu Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Manu Seoul Hotel Manu Seoul Hotel 19, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 425 reviews 8.4 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Manu Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Manu Seoul Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is a five-minute walk from the Namdaemun Gate. It also offers body treatments, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. Guests can enjoy a range of massage treat... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 1.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2777 0100 All policies Amenities at Hotel Manu Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Hot tub Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Pants press Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Designated smoking area Storage available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Photocopier service Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Manu Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotel Manu Seoul Millennium Hilton Seoul 8.3 Excellent 50, Sowol-Ro, Jung-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Central Seoul, Millennium Hilton Seoul provides stylish accommodation with superior facilities. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Hotelette Seoul Station 8.3 Excellent 575 Namdaemunro 5-Ga, Jung-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel A short walk from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), the hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Seoul. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Lumia Hotel 10.0 Excellent 31-9, Toegye-ro 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), Hotel Lumia Myeongdong provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul 58, Sejong-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Central Seoul, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Deoksugung Palace and the Seoul Museum of Art. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi and sweeping city views. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Manu Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 425 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.1Families 8.3Couples 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Manu Seoul All photos (60) Bedroom (29) Other (11) Gym (4) Room amenity (3) Where is Hotel Manu Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.9 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.3 km Dongdaemun Market3.2 km Dongdaemun Gate3.4 km Yeouido Park5.7 km COEX Mall8.8 km Getting Around Seoul Bus0.5 km Seoul Sangbong10.7 km Seoul Yongsan3.2 km Seoul Cheongnyangni7.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Manu Seoul Is pricing at Hotel Manu Seoul comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? The average rate for a night at Hotel Manu Seoul is 33% less than the Seoul average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Manu Seoul is typically C$ 128, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Seoul. How close is Hotel Manu Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At just 15.4 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to Hotel Manu Seoul is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotel Manu Seoul? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Manu Seoul guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is Hotel Manu Seoul from the Seoul city center? Hotel Manu Seoul is 0.1 km away from the center of Hoehyeon-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Manu Seoul by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Manu Seoul phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 2777 0100. Does Hotel Manu Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Manu Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Manu Seoul? Yes. You should consider staying at Hotel Manu Seoul if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hotel Manu Seoul? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hotel Manu Seoul, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Manu Seoul, Seoul? A good deal at Hotel Manu Seoul right now is between C$ 83 and C$ 128 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Manu Seoul? There is a restaurant located in Hotel Manu Seoul. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hotel Manu Seoul have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Manu Seoul. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hotel Manu Seoul from Dongdaemun Gate? You can walk to Dongdaemun Gate while staying at Hotel Manu Seoul - you’ll be about 3.4 km away. Is Hotel Manu Seoul close to Gwanghwamun? The distance from Hotel Manu Seoul to Gwanghwamun is 2.1 km. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Manu Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
