https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Eden_Paris.htm
Hotel Eden, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Eden Hotel Eden Hotel 110 Rue Blomet, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,071 reviews 8.6 C$ 202 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Eden Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Eden Within 20 minutes' stroll from La Motte Picquet Grenelle Metro Station, Hotel Eden Paris offers guests a convenient base when visiting Paris. It also offers a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and free Wi-F... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.0 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 26.5 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 48 28 13 95 All policies Amenities at Hotel Eden Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Smartphone dock Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Massage Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Eden Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotel Eden Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15Ème 7.4 Good 2 Rue Cambronne, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Ibis Paris Eiffel Tower Cambronne 15th Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, massage services and meeting rooms. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels 6.0 Good 62 Rue Des Morillons, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by River Hotels is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. The front desk is open 24 hours, and a buffet breakfast is available each morning. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse 8.1 Excellent 17 Rue du Cotentin, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse offers 4-star accommodation in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles. The various facilities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.1 Good 14 Rue Du Theatre, Paris, France Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Set in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, Aparthotel Adagio Paris Centre Tour Eiffel is within a 10-minute walk of Ile des Cygnes. It features city views and 4-star apartments. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Eden 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,071 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.1Families 8.7Solo 8.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Eden All photos (39) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (4) Room amenity (3) Building (2) Where is Hotel Eden Most Popular Landmarks Tour Montparnasse1.6 km Eiffel Tower2.1 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee2.9 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.0 km Champs-Elysées3.2 km Louvre Museum3.5 km Getting Around Paris Convention0.4 km Paris Volontaires0.7 km Paris Institut Pasteur0.8 km Paris Sèvres-Lecourbe0.9 km Paris La Motte-Picquet1.2 km Paris Porte de Versailles1.2 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Eden Is pricing at Hotel Eden comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Hotels in Paris that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 343/night, but on average, Hotel Eden is available for 27% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel Eden for C$ 339/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Paris. How close is Hotel Eden to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 26.5 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Eden. The average expected drive time from Hotel Eden to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 20m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel Eden? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Eden from the Paris city center? Hotel Eden is just 0.8 km away from the center of 15th arrondissement, Paris. From Hotel Eden you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as AccorHotels Arena. What is the Hotel Eden phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Eden is by calling +33 1 48 28 13 95. Does Hotel Eden have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Eden has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Eden? Yes, there is a gym available to Hotel Eden guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Hotel Eden? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Eden, Paris? Usually Hotel Eden room prices are around C$ 339/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 161/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Eden? There is a restaurant located in Hotel Eden. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hotel Eden have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hotel Eden. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Eden from Champs-Elysées? You can walk to Champs-Elysées while staying at Hotel Eden - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Hotel Eden close to Louvre Museum? Walking distance - there’s 3.5 km between Louvre Museum and Hotel Eden. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Eden Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
