https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Opera_Cadet.htm
Hotel Opera Cadet, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Opera Cadet Hotel Opera Cadet Hotel 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France C$ 20 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Opera Cadet Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Opera Cadet Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitti... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.9 km Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 16.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 53 34 50 50 All policies Amenities at Hotel Opera Cadet Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Safe Sauna Room service Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Opera Cadet Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotel Opera Cadet Hôtel Montholon Paris 7.7 Good 15 Rue De Montholon, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Paris North Railway Station, Hotel Montholon provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Paris. It is steps from the Folies Bergere, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Hotel Ronceray Opera 7.8 Good 10 Boulevard Montmartre, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is steps from the Le Palace, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel France Albion 8.6 Excellent 11 Rue Notre Dame De Lorette, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Opera Metro Station, Hotel France Albion provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Paris Opera Affiliated by Meliá 7.4 Good 3 Boulevard Montmartre, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Only two minutes from the Le Palace, Hotel Paris Opera Managed by Melia is set in the heart of Paris. It is close to the Folies Bergere, dining options and shops. C$ 254 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Generator Paris 7.5 Good 9-11 Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Generator Paris provides a modern setting when in Paris. It also offers a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Hotel Opera Cadet All photos (29) Bedroom (8) Lobby (6) Restaurant (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Hotel Opera Cadet Most Popular Landmarks Galeries Lafayette0.9 km Louvre Museum1.7 km Cimetière de Montmartre1.7 km Centre Pompidou1.8 km Champs-Elysées2.3 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.5 km Getting Around Paris Château d'Eau1.0 km Paris Opéra1.0 km Paris Haussmann Saint-Lazare1.1 km Paris Église Saint-Laurent1.1 km Paris Gare du Nord1.1 km Paris Rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin1.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Opera Cadet Is pricing at Hotel Opera Cadet comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Nightly rates at Hotel Opera Cadet will generally be 97% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Paris. When staying at Hotel Opera Cadet, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 17/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Paris for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Hotel Opera Cadet to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 21.4 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Opera Cadet. The average expected drive time from Hotel Opera Cadet to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel Opera Cadet? For the most freedom while visiting Paris, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at Hotel Opera Cadet where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hotel Opera Cadet considered pet-friendly? Hotel Opera Cadet welcomes most household pets. How close is Hotel Opera Cadet from the Paris city center? The center of Grands Boulevards, Paris, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Hotel Opera Cadet. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Hotel Opera Cadet using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Opera Cadet phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Opera Cadet is by calling +33 1 53 34 50 50. Does Hotel Opera Cadet have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Opera Cadet has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Opera Cadet? The standard check-out time at Hotel Opera Cadet is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Opera Cadet, Paris? Usually Hotel Opera Cadet room prices are around C$ 17/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 17/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Opera Cadet? Hotel Opera Cadet does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Opera Cadet have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Opera Cadet, Paris. How far is Hotel Opera Cadet from Champs-Elysées? The popular Champs-Elysées is just over 2.3 km from Hotel Opera Cadet. Is Hotel Opera Cadet close to Louvre Museum? 1.7 km - making Louvre Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Opera Cadet. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel Opera Cadet Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
