https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_on_Rivington.htm
Hotel on Rivington, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Hotel on Rivington Hotel on Rivington Hotel 107 Rivington Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 480 reviews 7.7 C$ 230 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel on Rivington Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel on Rivington Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. More Good to Know To Downtown 4.1 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 19.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 475 2600 All policies Amenities at Hotel on Rivington Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Central heating Clothes dryer Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Deadbolt locks Housekeeping Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Adapter First-aid kit Fitness room Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Allergy-free room No smoking Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Body soap Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine Smartphone dock TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Washing machine Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Game room Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Health club Key access Beauty salon All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel on Rivington Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 409 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 667 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 371 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Hotel on Rivington Blue Moon Boutique Hotel 100 Orchard Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Canal Loft Hotel 6.9 Good 94 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel 7.7 Good 370 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It features air-conditioned rooms with iPod docking stations, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pennsylvania 401 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Hotel Pennsylvania is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Featuring views of Madison Square Garden, it also offers a variety of amenities, including an express check-in and check-out feature, a ballroom and an indoor pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 405 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel on Rivington 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 480 verified guest reviews 7.5Solo 7.7Couples 7.4Families 7.9Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel on Rivington All photos (28) Bedroom (6) Lounge (4) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is Hotel on Rivington Most Popular Landmarks Webster Hall1.3 km Williamsburg Bridge1.5 km Citi Field12.7 km Yankee Stadium13.3 km Gramercy Park2.0 km One World Trade Center2.2 km Getting Around New York Allen St & Delancey St0.2 km New York 19 Allen St0.6 km New York 47 Chrystie St0.7 km New York 103 Canal St0.7 km New York 3 Allen St0.7 km New York 95 Canal St0.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel on Rivington Is pricing at Hotel on Rivington comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotel on Rivington is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in New York. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 435 per night in New York. Hotel on Rivington will run you C$ 403 per night, which is 31% cheaper than the New York average. How close is Hotel on Rivington to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Hotel on Rivington is 19.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 15m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hotel on Rivington? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hotel on Rivington can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 49/day in New York. Luckily, Hotel on Rivington has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel on Rivington guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. How close is Hotel on Rivington from the New York city center? Hotel on Rivington is just 0.4 km away from the center of Bowery, New York. From Hotel on Rivington you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rockefeller Center. What is the Hotel on Rivington phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel on Rivington please call +1 212 475 2600. Does Hotel on Rivington have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel on Rivington has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel on Rivington? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel on Rivington. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel on Rivington? The standard check-out time at Hotel on Rivington is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel on Rivington, New York? Usually Hotel on Rivington room prices are around C$ 403/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 129/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel on Rivington? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel on Rivington, New York. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hotel on Rivington have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel on Rivington. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel on Rivington from Madison Square Garden? Hotel on Rivington is a good place to stay to see Madison Square Garden. It’s 3.4 km away. Is Hotel on Rivington close to Empire State Building? 3.2 km - making Empire State Building a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel on Rivington. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Hotel on Rivington Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
