https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Manoir_Victoria.htm
Hotel Manoir Victoria, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Manoir Victoria Hotel Manoir Victoria Hotel 44 Cote du Palais, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 491 reviews 8.5 C$ 194 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Manoir Victoria Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Manoir Victoria Conveniently situated, Hotel Manoir Victoria offers easy access to Quebec City's main tourist attractions. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minut... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 13.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 692 1030 All policies Amenities at Hotel Manoir Victoria Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Minibar Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Manoir Victoria Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Manoir Victoria Hotel Du Vieux Quebec 9.4 Excellent 1190 Rue Saint-jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hotel du Vieux Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Monsieur Jean 9.2 Excellent 2 Rue Pierre Olivier Chauveau, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Only two minutes from La Maison Simons, Monsieur Jean is located in the heart of Quebec City. It is close to Price Building, eateries and shops. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals Le Monastere des Augustines 8.8 Excellent 77, rue des Remparts, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Monastere des Augustines allows for easy access to Quebec City's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers valet parking, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge de la Paix 31, Rue Couillard , Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Auberge de la Paix Quebec City provides easy access to Quebec City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a BBQ/picnic area. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Manoir Victoria 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 491 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.5Friends 8.7Solo 8.5Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date L 10.0 Excellent lchkfh1987, Jul. 2018 we had a wonderful experience at this hotel. everything was better than expected. Photos of Hotel Manoir Victoria All photos (37) Bedroom (8) Other (5) Lobby (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Hotel Manoir Victoria Most Popular Landmarks Quartier Petit Champlain0.6 km Place Royale0.6 km Dufferin Terrace0.6 km Museum of Civilization0.6 km Plains of Abraham0.9 km Church of St. Roch1.0 km Getting Around Québec City Gare du Palais0.4 km Québec City St-Augustin0.6 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.0 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.2 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.9 km Québec City Camp Mercier46.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Manoir Victoria How close is Hotel Manoir Victoria to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 13.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Hotel Manoir Victoria is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Manoir Victoria? Getting from Québec City Airport to Hotel Manoir Victoria can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 41/day in Québec City. Luckily, Hotel Manoir Victoria has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Hotel Manoir Victoria? Yes, Hotel Manoir Victoria has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Manoir Victoria from the Québec City city center? Hotel Manoir Victoria is 0.4 km away from the center of Vieux Québec, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Manoir Victoria by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Manoir Victoria phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Manoir Victoria at +1 418 692 1030. Does Hotel Manoir Victoria have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Manoir Victoria has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Manoir Victoria? Yes. You should consider staying at Hotel Manoir Victoria if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hotel Manoir Victoria? Hotel Manoir Victoria has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Manoir Victoria, Québec City? Prices at Hotel Manoir Victoria will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 200, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 88. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Manoir Victoria? Yes - Hotel Manoir Victoria does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hotel Manoir Victoria have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Manoir Victoria. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Manoir Victoria from Place Royale? Hotel Manoir Victoria is a walkable distance (0.6 km) from Place Royale, Québec City. Is Hotel Manoir Victoria close to Dufferin Terrace? Hotel Manoir Victoria is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Dufferin Terrace, which is 0.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Manoir Victoria Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
