https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Sunlite_Shinjuku.htm
Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Hotel 5-15-8 Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 560 reviews 7.7 C$ 80 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is situated in Tokyo and is a short walk from Higashi-Shinjuku Subway Station. It is close to Shinjuku Golden Gai, eateries and shops. There are a variety of amenities ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.8 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 61.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 333 560 391 All policies Amenities at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV outside property Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Conference rooms Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo 8.3 Excellent 1-2-9, Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Shinjuku Train Station, Citadines Central Shinjuku Tokyo offers guests an ideal base while in Tokyo. Just minutes from Shinjuku Golden Gai, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Shinjuku Granbell Hotel 7.9 Good 2-14-5 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Central Tokyo, this trendy hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Kabukicho. It also boasts views of Tokyo and provides a garden and a rooftop terrace as extra highlights. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals E Hotel Higashi Shinjuku 7.5 Good 2-3-15 Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Tokyo offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a 24-hour reception and massage services. It is situated a short walk from Kabukicho and Shinjuku Golden Gai. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Gracery Shinjuku 8.5 Excellent 1-19-1 Kabukicho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, Hotel Gracery Shinjuku offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Kabukicho. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 562 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo 7.2Families 7.8Friends 7.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku All photos (27) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Room amenity (3) Where is Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Most Popular Landmarks Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden1.1 km Yoyogi Koen2.7 km Roppongi Hills3.9 km Tokyo Dome4.2 km Ginza Mitsukoshi5.9 km Akihabara Electric Town6.0 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal0.8 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal4.0 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.2 km Tokyo5.5 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit5.7 km Tokyo5.8 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Is pricing at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is 70% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is typically C$ 118, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 17.5 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku. The average expected drive time from Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 13m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku? For the most freedom while visiting Tokyo, consider renting a car for about C$ 95/day and parking it at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku from the Tokyo city center? The center of Kabukicho, Tokyo, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tokyo Dome, which you can get to from Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +81 333 560 391 to talk to a Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku front desk representative. Does Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku? The standard check-out time at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku, Tokyo? Prices at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 118, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 46. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku? Yes - Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku does have a restaurant. Does Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku, Tokyo. How far is Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku from Akasaka Sacas? Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku is a good place to stay to see Akasaka Sacas. It’s 3.5 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Sunlite Shinjuku Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
