https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Ginza.htm
Hotels near Ginza, Tokyo - Amazing Deals on 169 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Ginza, Tokyo Search and compare hotels near Ginza from hundreds of travel sites and save Ginza - Tokyo, Japan 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Ginza - Tokyo, Japan Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Chūō Hotels Ginza Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Ginza Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Millennium Mitsui Garden Hotel Tokyo 8.7 Excellent 5-11-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,451 reviews 8.7 Located in Central Tokyo, Millennium Mitsui Garden Hotel Tokyo offers 4-star accommodation and a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and massage services. It is situated a short walk from Ginza and Yurakucho. View Deals Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo 8.8 Excellent 1-6-3 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 3,529 reviews 8.8 Situated in Central Tokyo, The Royal Park Hotel Tokyo Shiodome is a few minutes walk to Shiodome and is moments from Nippon Television. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. View Deals The Blossom Hibiya 9.1 Excellent 1-1-13 Shinbashi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,159 reviews 9.1 Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Nippon Television, THE BLOSSOM HIBIYA offers guests a convenient base when in Tokyo. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi access during their stay. View Deals Park Hotel Tokyo 8.8 Excellent 1-7-1 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 851 reviews 8.8 Located in Central Tokyo, this 4-star hotel is within a short walk of Shinbashi, Nakagin Capsule Tower and Hamarikyu Gardens. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is within a five-minute walk of Nippon Television. View Deals Mitsui Garden Hotel Ginza-gochome 8.8 Excellent 5-13-15, Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 2,249 reviews 8.8 Situated a short walk from Shimbashi Metro Station, Mitsui Garden Hotel Ginza-gochome is an ideal base while in Tokyo. It also offers a designated smoking area, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome 8.4 Excellent 1-9-2 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 685 reviews 8.4 Located just a short walk from Nippon Television, Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Sotetsu Fresa Inn Ginza-Nanachome 8.2 Excellent 7-11-12 Ginza, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,995 reviews 8.2 Located a short walk from Nippon Television, Sotetsu Fresa Inn Ginza-Nanachome is an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, massage services and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Daiwa Roynet Hotel Ginza 8.5 Excellent Chuo-ku Ginza 1-13-15, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,419 reviews 8.5 Located in Tokyo, just a 10-minute walk from Ginza Metro Station, Daiwa Roynet Hotel Ginza provides 3-star accommodation and free wireless internet. It is situated a brief walk from Marunouchi, Nihonbashi and Ginza. View Deals All 169 hotels near Ginza Top Rated hotels near Ginza Show all 169 hotels 1 Mandarin Oriental Tokyo 9.1 Excellent 2-1-1 Nihonbashi Muromachi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Mandarin Oriental Tokyo is a short walk from Bank of Japan and Mitsukoshi, and provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. It is situated a brief walk from Nihonbashi and Kanda. View Deals 2 Super Hotel Premier Tokyo Station Yaesu-Chuoguchi 8.3 Excellent 2-2-7 Yaesu, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Super Hotel Lohas Tokyo Station Yaesu-Chuoguchi offers 3-star accommodation in Central Tokyo. It also provides complimentary Wi-Fi and is within a five-minute stroll of Nihonbashi. View Deals 3 The Tokyo Station Hotel 9.2 Excellent 1-9-1 Marunouchi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Tokyo, The Tokyo Station Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to INCJ. It is situated a brief stroll from Nihonbashi and Bank of Japan. View Deals 4 Hotel Sardonyx Tokyo 8.7 Excellent 1-13-7 Hacchobori, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Hotel Sardonyx Tokyo is situated in Central Tokyo, just 25 minutes from Haneda Airport. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, a 24-hour reception and massages. View Deals 5 The Square Hotel Ginza 8.5 Excellent 2-11-6 Ginza, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Central Tokyo, the square hotel GINZA is within a 10-minute walk of Marunouchi. It is moments from Ginza and is close to the area's popular attractions and dining spots. View Deals 6 Mitsui Garden Hotel Kyobashi 8.5 Excellent 1-3-6 Kyobashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, this 3-star hotel is within a short walk of Marunouchi. It is moments from Nihonbashi. View Deals 7 The Peninsula Tokyo 9.1 Excellent 1-8-1 Yuraku-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan The Peninsula Tokyo is situated in Central Tokyo, a five-minute walk to Yurakucho. Views of The East Gardens of the Imperial Palace and Tokyo can be seen from the hotel's complex, which conveniently provides an atm/cash machine and a gift shop. View Deals 8 Palace Hotel Tokyo 9.4 Excellent 1-1-1 Marunouchi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Tokyo, the hotel is a short walk from Tokyo Imperial Palace and features a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Ginza, Tokyo Show all 169 hotels Oak Hostel Cabin 1-16, Nihonbashihakozaki-cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Oak Hostel Cabin is located in Tokyo and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It is situated a short stroll from the Suiten-gu. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Hokke Inn Nihonbashi 8.6 Excellent 4-6 Nihonbashi-Koamicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Hotel Hokke Inn Nihonbashi is located in Central Tokyo, a short stroll to Tokyo Stock Exchange. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals First Cabin Shinbashi Atagoyama 8.1 Excellent 3-10-7 Nishishinbashi Minatoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Central Tokyo, First Cabin Atagoyama is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Shinbashi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals First Cabin Tsukiji 8.0 Excellent 2-11-10 Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated within walking distance of Ginza Metro Station, First Cabin Tsukiji offers guests a convenient base when visiting Tokyo. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Capsule Inn Hamamatsucho 1 Chome-16-6 Shibadaimon, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Central Tokyo, Capsule Inn Hamamatsucho is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including Kyu Shiba Rikyu Garden. It also provides luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Pearl Hotel Kayabacho 7.7 Good 1-2-5 Shinkawa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Pearl Hotel Kayabacho provides a modern setting while in Tokyo. It offers free wireless internet in public areas, a 24-hour reception and massages. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Smile Hotel Nihombashi Mitsukoshimae 7.9 Good 1-4-14 Nihonbashi Honcho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Smile Hotel Nihombashi Mitsukoshimae is situated in Central Tokyo, just 25 minutes from Haneda Airport. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, a 24-hour reception and massages. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Smile Hotel Tokyo Nihonbashi 7.6 Good 2-13-5 Nihombashi-Kayabacho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Smile Hotel Tokyo Nihonbashi is situated in Tokyo and features free wireless internet. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Ginza 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Tokyo Ginza Bay Hotel 7-13-15 Ginza, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan C$ 82 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Sotetsu Fresa Inn Nihombashi Kayabacho 1-3-10 Kayabacho Nihombashi Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8.2 C$ 67 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho 1-8-5 Hamamatsucho, Tokyo, Japan 8.2 C$ 120 View Deal Best value Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo-Kyobashi 2-11-1 Kyobashi, Tokyo, Japan 7.9 C$ 60 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo 1-6-3 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8.8 C$ 136 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome 1-9-2 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8.4 C$ 91 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Ginza Vacation rentals in popular Japan cities Tokyo vacation rentals Kyoto vacation rentals Osaka vacation rentals Sapporo vacation rentals Nagoya vacation rentals Hakodate vacation rentals Fukuoka vacation rentals Kobe vacation rentals Takamatsu vacation rentals Kagoshima vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Japan regions Tokyo Prefecture Hokkaido Prefecture Kyoto Prefecture Osaka Prefecture Aichi Prefecture Fukuoka Prefecture Kanagawa Prefecture Aomori Prefecture Hyogo Prefecture Chiba Prefecture Show more Hotels in popular Japan cities Tokyo hotels Kyoto hotels Osaka hotels Sapporo hotels Nagoya hotels Hakodate hotels Hokuto hotels Fukuoka hotels Aomori hotels Kobe hotels Show more Hotels near popular Ginza landmarks Shinjuku Train Station Akihabara Electric Town Roppongi Ueno Railway Station Haneda Airport International Terminal Train Station Shibuya Railway Station Central Tokyo Ikebukuro Railway Station Kinshicho Railway Station Hotels in popular Ginza neighbourhoods Toshima, Tokyo hotels Chūō, Tokyo hotels Kabukicho, Tokyo hotels Shimokitazawa, Tokyo hotels Akasaka, Tokyo hotels Setagaya, Tokyo hotels Nakano, Tokyo hotels Shibuya, Tokyo hotels Katsushika, Tokyo hotels Kōtō, Tokyo hotels Show more Hotels near popular Ginza airports Tokyo Narita Airport Tokyo Haneda Airport About Ginza Affluent and exclusive Ginza is the high fashion centre of Tokyo. Upscale restaurants and shops fill the district, creating Ginza's reputation as one of the world's most luxurious shopping destinations. Ginza is located in Central Tokyo, just south of Tokyo Station. Shopping is the primary reason to visit Ginza and there's a huge array of department stores, malls, boutique shops, and entertainment complexes. Many major fashion and cosmetic brands have their flagship, Japanese or Asian stores, in Ginza. Various car manufacturers and electronics companies also have showrooms here, while the smaller side streets contain many boutique art galleries. Cafes and restaurants are easy to find and these mostly come at eye-watering prices. Yet hidden beneath the train tracks of Yurakucho Station is Yurakucho Gado-shita, one of Tokyo's most atmospheric dining districts. Built into the railway arches are dozens of local restaurants and wine bars, most of them seating just a handful of diners. Ginza Station is located in the centre of the district. Yarakucho Station is a more accessible entry point as it's on the main JR Yamanote and JT Kiehin-Tohoku Line between Tokyo Station and Shinagawa. Most of the district is found inside, spilling across the multiple floors of the various malls. At weekends, Ginza's main thoroughfare is closed to traffic and filled with local street performers. Ginza has made international news by having some of the world's most expensive real estate and cup of coffee. This shouldn't be surprising as the district is literally built upon money. Japan's coin mint was housed here in the 17th century and the name Ginza translates as silver mint. Facts about staying in Ginza What are the best hotels near Ginza? Ginza is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Mitsui Garden Hotel Ginza Premier, which has a current rating of 8.7. For other potential stays, consider Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo and Millennium Mitsui Garden Hotel Tokyo, which can also be great places to stay near Ginza. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Chūō Hotels Ginza Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
