https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Bel_Air_Orlando.htm
Hotel Bel-Air Orlando, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Hotel 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States OkayBased on 159 reviews 4.7 C$ 82 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. The hotel p... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.0 km Rating 4.7 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 9.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 855 1356 All policies Amenities at Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Adapted bath First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Hotel Bel-Air Orlando The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall 8.7 Excellent 1500 Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel The Florida Hotel & Conference Center in the Florida Mall provides a modern setting while in Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Extended Stay America Suites - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle 5.9 Okay 8687 Commodity Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, Extended Stay America - Orlando - Southpark - Commodity Circle is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It features comfortable rooms with a private bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Orlando Airport 5.9 Okay 1853 McCoy Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 4.3 km from current hotel Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Orlando Airport is located in Orlando and provides a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. It also has an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 4.4 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall 5.3 Okay 9301 S Orange Blossom Trl, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Boasting an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Red Lion Hotel Orlando Kissimmee Maingate 7300 W Irlo Bronson Hwy, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 30.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Red Lion Hotel Orlando Kissimmee Maingate is located in Orlando and is close to Walt Disney World Resort. It also provides a kids pool, an outdoor pool and a playground. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.7 MediocreBased on 159 verified guest reviews 3.8Families 4.9Solo 5.3Couples 4.9Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Bel-Air Orlando All photos (29) Bedroom (11) Building (5) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Most Popular Landmarks Central Florida Fairgrounds10.3 km Arnold Palmer's Bay Hill Club & Lodge11.2 km Gatorland12.5 km Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets12.9 km Epcot18.2 km Magic Kingdom Park18.9 km Getting Around Orlando 2417 W Oakridge Rd1.5 km Orlando 5046 W Colonial Dr10.7 km Orlando 5144 W Colonial Dr10.7 km Orlando Megabus Station13.0 km Orlando Magic Kingdom18.9 km Orlando Walt Disney World Resort19.6 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Is pricing at Hotel Bel-Air Orlando comparable to 2 star hotels in Orlando? In Orlando, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 149. The expected nightly rate for Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is around C$ 93; a price that is 54% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hotel Bel-Air Orlando to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Orlando. How close is Hotel Bel-Air Orlando to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Orlando Airport, and Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is 9.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 07m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Hotel Bel-Air Orlando? Getting from Orlando Airport to Hotel Bel-Air Orlando can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, Hotel Bel-Air Orlando has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotel Bel-Air Orlando considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hotel Bel-Air Orlando during their stay. How close is Hotel Bel-Air Orlando from the Orlando city center? Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is just 3.2 km away from the center of Park Central, Orlando. From Hotel Bel-Air Orlando you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Universal Orlando Resort. What is the Hotel Bel-Air Orlando phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 407 855 1356 to talk to a Hotel Bel-Air Orlando front desk representative. Does Hotel Bel-Air Orlando have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Bel-Air Orlando has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Bel-Air Orlando? Hotel Bel-Air Orlando has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Bel-Air Orlando, Orlando? Hotel Bel-Air Orlando room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 93/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 66/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Hotel Bel-Air Orlando have a laundry service? Hotel Bel-Air Orlando does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Hotel Bel-Air Orlando Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
