https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Quartier_des_Spectacles.htm
Hotel Quartier des Spectacles, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Hotel 17 St-Catherine West, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 932 reviews 6.8 C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is located in Montreal and is close to Underground City. It provides free wireless internet and is moments from Saint Catherine Street and tourist attractions. T... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 849 1619 All policies Amenities at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Family rooms Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Microwave Sofa bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Hotel Abri du Voyageur 6.8 Good 9, Rue Ste-Catherine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Hotel Abri du Voyageur is a cosy setting when in Montreal and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Zero 1 8.0 Excellent 01 Rene-Levesque Blvd. Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Zero 1 Montreal provides modern 3-star accommodation in Montreal. It is steps from Saint Laurent Boulevard, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Hotel Montreal 8.0 Excellent 161 Rue Sainte Catherine East, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base while in Montreal. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, just a short walk from Saint Laurent Boulevard, Saint Catherine Street and Saint Denis Street. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Centre 6.8 Good 50 René-Lévesque St. West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, this 3-star property is modern and unique. It is located just a short stroll from plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Quartier des Spectacles 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 927 verified guest reviews 7.0Solo 6.8Families 6.9Friends 6.7Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Quartier des Spectacles All photos (37) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (7) Lobby (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.8 km Christ Church Cathedral0.8 km Eaton Centre0.9 km Vieux-Port de Montréal1.0 km Place Ville-Marie1.0 km Marché Bonsecours1.0 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.4 km Montreal Bus0.7 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.9 km Montreal Central1.1 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.0 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.6 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Is pricing at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles comparable to 2 star hotels in Montreal? In Montreal, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 127. The expected nightly rate for Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is around C$ 87; a price that is 49% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hotel Quartier des Spectacles to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Montreal. How close is Hotel Quartier des Spectacles to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 15.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Hotel Quartier des Spectacles? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Quartier des Spectacles from the Montreal city center? Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is just 0.2 km away from the center of Quartier des Spectacles, Montreal. From Hotel Quartier des Spectacles you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Hotel Quartier des Spectacles phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 849 1619. Does Hotel Quartier des Spectacles have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Quartier des Spectacles has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles? Hotel Quartier des Spectacles check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles, Montreal? A good deal at Hotel Quartier des Spectacles right now is between C$ 37 and C$ 87 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Hotel Quartier des Spectacles from Vieux-Port de Montréal? The popular Vieux-Port de Montréal is just over 1 km from Hotel Quartier des Spectacles. Is Hotel Quartier des Spectacles close to Centre Bell? Hotel Quartier des Spectacles is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 1.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Quartier des Spectacles Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
