https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_71_Quebec_City.htm
Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Hotel 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 464 reviews 9.0 C$ 240 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. This modern hotel feat... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 14.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 692 1171 All policies Amenities at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Cribs available Feather pillow Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio River view Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Auberge Saint-Pierre 8.9 Excellent 79, Rue St-Pierre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Le Saint-Pierre Auberge Distinctive provides easy access to Quebec City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. The various facilities this elegant hotel offers include valet parking, meeting rooms and massage services. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Antoine 9.3 Excellent 8 Rue Saint-Antoine, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Auberge Saint-Antoine provides easy access to Quebec City's main retail and sightseeing areas. It also features a sauna, a beauty centre and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 335 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Port-Royal 8.4 Excellent 144, Rue Saint-Pierre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel Port-Royal offers easy access to Quebec City's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manoir des Remparts 7.3 Good 3 1/2, Rue Des Remparts, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located centrally, Hotel Manoir des Remparts offers easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing and retail areas. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City 8.4 Excellent 900 Rue Des Rocailles, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Boasting an indoor pool, Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City is located in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 464 verified guest reviews 9.0Couples 9.1Solo 9.2Friends 8.9Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts All photos (37) Bedroom (10) Other (5) Building (4) Living room (4) Where is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Most Popular Landmarks Museum of Civilization0.1 km Place Royale0.2 km Dufferin Terrace0.3 km Quartier Petit Champlain0.4 km Plains of Abraham1.2 km Church of St. Roch1.6 km Getting Around Québec City Gare du Palais0.9 km Québec City St-Augustin1.2 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.6 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.6 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts2.3 km Québec City Camp Mercier46.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts How close is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? With a distance of 14.4 km between Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts and the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts? Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts. How close is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts from the Québec City city center? The center of Vieux Québec, Québec City, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Quebec Aquarium Park, which you can get to from Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 692 1171. Does Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts, Québec City? On average, guests have been paying C$ 293 per night to stay at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 169 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts? Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts have a laundry service? Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts from Place Royale? Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts is about 0.2 km from Place Royale, one of Québec City’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts close to Dufferin Terrace? If you want to see Dufferin Terrace while visiting Québec City, Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts is just 0.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
