https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Central_Tokyo.htm
Hotels near Central Tokyo, Tokyo - Amazing Deals on 98 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Central Tokyo, Tokyo Search and compare hotels near Central Tokyo from hundreds of travel sites and save Central Tokyo - Tokyo, Japan 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Central Tokyo - Tokyo, Japan Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Central Tokyo Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Central Tokyo Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Mitsui Garden Hotel Jingugaien Tokyo Premier 8.8 Excellent 11-3, Kasumigaokamachi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 5,534 reviews 8.8 Located in Central Tokyo, the hotel is minutes away from Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium and National Olympic Stadium. It also offers free Wi-Fi. View Deals The Ritz-Carlton, Tokyo 8.5 Excellent Tokyo Midtown 9-7-1 Akasaka Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 148 reviews 8.5 Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is within five minutes' of Tokyo Midtown. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Akasaka Excel Hotel Tokyu 8.2 Excellent 2-14-3 Nagata-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,207 reviews 8.2 Akasaka Excel Hotel Tokyu is set in Tokyo and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, including Akasaka Sacas, Akasaka and the National Diet Library. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include a beauty centre, a coffee bar and free Wi-Fi. View Deals The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 129 reviews 9.3 Situated just a few steps from the Okura Museum of Art, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for a satisfying stay in Tokyo. View Deals Keio Presso Inn Akasaka 8.2 Excellent Akasaka 6-2-13, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 732 reviews 8.2 Situated in Tokyo, Keio Presso Inn Akasaka offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka Sacas. It also provides luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Hotel New Otani Tokyo Executive House Zen 9.2 Excellent 4-1 Kioi-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 25 reviews 9.2 New Otani Tokyo Executive House ZEN provides a comfortable setting when in Tokyo. Outdoor tennis courts and a swimming pool are just some of the luxurious amenities available to guests during their stay. View Deals Hotel Asia Center of Japan 8.4 Excellent 8-10-32, Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,129 reviews 8.4 Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is just a quick walk to Aoyama. It also offers meeting rooms, massage services and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Hotel New Otani Tokyo Garden Tower 8.6 Excellent 4-1 Kioi-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 595 reviews 8.6 This hotel is situated in Central Tokyo, just a 10-minute walk from Nagatacho, Seven and I Holdings Co. and Akasaka. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. View Deals All 98 hotels near Central Tokyo Top Rated hotels near Central Tokyo Show all 98 hotels 1 The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho, a Luxury Collection Hotel 9.4 Excellent 1-2 Kioi-Cho Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho a Luxury Collection Hotel provides 5-star accommodation and an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. It is situated a brief walk from Nagatacho and Akasaka. View Deals 2 Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. View Deals 3 Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. View Deals 4 Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Roppongi 8.3 Excellent 1-6-2 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Roppongi is situated in Tokyo and features free Wi-Fi. It provides 3.5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 5 Tokyu Stay Yotsuya 8.1 Excellent 2-1-3 Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Tokyu Stay Yotsuya provides charming 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 6 Hotel Sui Akasaka By Abest 8.6 Excellent 2-Chome-17-55 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Okura Museum of Art, Akasaka and Akasaka Sacas. It offers free Wi-Fi, a lift and a designated smoking area. View Deals 7 Roppongi Hotel S 8.3 Excellent 1-11-6 Nishiazabu, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated under a 10-minute walk from Roppongi Metro Station, Roppongi Hotel S provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Tokyo. It is located a short stroll from Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, Roppongi and Roppongi Hills. View Deals 8 Apa Hotel Hanzomon Hirakawacho 7.8 Good 1-3-5, Hirakawacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, this modern hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Nagatacho and the National Theatre of Japan. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a safe and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Central Tokyo, Tokyo Show all 98 hotels nine hours Akasaka sleep lab 8.0 Excellent 4-3-14 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Nine Hours Akasaka is located in Tokyo and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Akasaka-no Sato (Female Only) 7.0 Good 2F, 4-3-13 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Akasaka-no Sato Female Only is located in Tokyo and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also provides a library, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Akasakano-sato Premium 7.5 Good 1F, 4-3-13 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Akasakano-Sato Premium is situated in Central Tokyo, just 30 minutes from Haneda Airport. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi and is moments from Akasaka and tourist attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals First Cabin Ichigaya 8.4 Excellent 8 Ichigayahachimancho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This hostel is located in Central Tokyo, and features meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. It also offers laundry facilities and luggage storage. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals First Cabin Akasaka 8.2 Excellent 3-13-7 Akasaka, Minatoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan First Cabin Akasaka is set in Central Tokyo, a five-minute walk from Akasaka Sacas and Akasaka. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals nine hours Hanzomon 3-5-20, Koujimachi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Central Tokyo, Nine Hours Hanzomon is within a 10-minute walk of the National Theatre of Japan, Nagatacho and Seven and I Holdings Co.. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Diamond Hotel Tokyo 7.6 Good 1-10-3 Kojimachi, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Diamond Hotel Tokyo provides 3-star accommodation and a beauty centre, massage services and free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Act Hotel Roppongi 8.1 Excellent 7-17-15 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Act Hotel Roppongi is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Tokyo Midtown and Midtown Tower. It is moments from Roppongi, Roppongi Hills and Roppongi Hills Mori Tower. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Central Tokyo 3 stars #1 Most popular Mimaru Tokyo Akasaka 7-9-6 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 9.0 C$ 215 View Deal #2 Most popular the b akasaka-mitsuke 3-21-7 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8.0 C$ 74 View Deal Best value the b akasaka 7-6-13 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 7.8 C$ 60 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular The Ritz-Carlton, Tokyo Tokyo Midtown 9-7-1 Akasaka Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8.5 C$ 1,247 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo Akasaka 4-3, Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan 8.8 C$ 108 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Central Tokyo Vacation rentals in popular Japan cities Tokyo vacation rentals Kyoto vacation rentals Osaka vacation rentals Sapporo vacation rentals Nagoya vacation rentals Hakodate vacation rentals Fukuoka vacation rentals Kobe vacation rentals Takamatsu vacation rentals Kagoshima vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Central Tokyo airports Tokyo Narita Airport Tokyo Haneda Airport Hotels near popular Central Tokyo landmarks Shinjuku Train Station Ginza Akihabara Electric Town Roppongi Ueno Railway Station Haneda Airport International Terminal Train Station Shibuya Railway Station Ikebukuro Railway Station Kinshicho Railway Station Hotels in popular Japan regions Tokyo Prefecture Hokkaido Prefecture Kyoto Prefecture Osaka Prefecture Aichi Prefecture Fukuoka Prefecture Kanagawa Prefecture Aomori Prefecture Hyogo Prefecture Chiba Prefecture Show more Hotels in popular Japan cities Tokyo hotels Kyoto hotels Osaka hotels Sapporo hotels Nagoya hotels Hakodate hotels Hokuto hotels Fukuoka hotels Aomori hotels Kobe hotels Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Central Tokyo neighbourhoods Toshima, Tokyo hotels Chūō, Tokyo hotels Kabukicho, Tokyo hotels Shimokitazawa, Tokyo hotels Akasaka, Tokyo hotels Setagaya, Tokyo hotels Nakano, Tokyo hotels Shibuya, Tokyo hotels Katsushika, Tokyo hotels Kōtō, Tokyo hotels Show more About Central Tokyo Central Tokyo is populated by some of Japan's most iconic districts and attractions, such as the Imperial Palace, Ginza, Roppongi, Akihabara, Shibuya, and Shinjuku. It's the beating heart of the country, politically, commercially, and economically. Historically, Central Tokyo referred to the wards of Chiyoda and Chuo that were reserved for the shogun and his samurai warriors. More recently, Central Tokyo has come to incorporate a much wider area, enveloping Minata, Shibuya, Shinagawa, and Shinjuku. The majority of Tokyo's most popular attractions are located here, from electronics neighbourhoods to public parks, upmarket shopping streets to ancient temples. Within Central Tokyo, Chiyoda remains the seat of parliament and the home of the Imperial Palace, along with a resplendent collection of gardens and shrines. Akihabara, the fabled electronics district, is also found here. Upmarket shopping district Ginza and the Tsukiji Fish Markets are the highlights of Chuo ward. The skyscrapers of Roppongi are the obvious compass points in Minato ward. Shinagawa lies to the south of Minato and is Tokyo's transport crossroads, containing its highest density of hotels. Iconic Shibuya, with its vibrant subculture and busy crossing, lies in the west of Central Tokyo. Shinjuku ward is due north of Shibuya. All these wards have excellent public transport connections, with express trains providing direct connections between different districts. The circular JR Yamanote connects all major stations and links with almost all of Tokyo's overland and subway train lines. By Japanese standards Tokyo is a new city, holding barely 500 years of history. It evolved from the fishing village of Edo and became the seat of the powerful Tokugawa shogunate in the early 17th century. Yet it wasn't until the imperial family moved here in the late 19th century that Tokyo received its modern name and became the country's capital. Facts about staying in Central Tokyo What are the best hotels near Central Tokyo? One of the most popular hotels near Central Tokyo is Hotel New Otani Tokyo The Main, which has been reviewed by 191 users and currently has a rating of 8.6/10. Other top-rated locations include The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho, a Luxury Collection Hotel and Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo Roppongi, which have received 9.4/10 and 8.2/10 ratings from our users, respectively. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Central Tokyo Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
