https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Rec_Barcelona_Adults_Only.htm
Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Hotel Carrer del Rec Comtal, 19, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,952 reviews 8.9 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also offers a sun deck, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. Guests can soak up... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.9 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 935 569 960 All policies Amenities at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Adults only Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar CCTV in common areas No smoking Solarium Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Allada 3 7.8 Good Allada Vermell 6-8, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Aparthotel Allada 3 offers easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Suizo 8.2 Excellent Plaça de l'Àngel, 12, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It is close to Barcelona Cathedral, shops and nightlife options. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona 7.5 Good Plaça de Llevant, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in Barcelona, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Barcelona El Prat Airport and provides a Finnish sauna, a rooftop pool and a Turkish steam bath. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 2,948 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.8Friends 8.9Couples 8.8Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only All photos (31) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (8) Other (5) Room amenity (4) Where is Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Most Popular Landmarks Cathedral of Barcelona0.7 km La Rambla1.1 km Palau Guell1.3 km Passeig de Gracia1.4 km L’Aquàrium1.5 km Sagrada Familia1.6 km Getting Around Barcelona Arc de Triomf0.2 km Barcelona Rda. de St. Pere0.5 km Barcelona Estació del Nord0.5 km Barcelona Llúria - Urquinaona0.6 km Barcelona França0.8 km Barcelona Gran Via (Marina)0.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Is pricing at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only comparable to 3 star hotels in Barcelona? There is a 35% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Barcelona and the average nightly rate at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. The rate at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only is just C$ 150/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Barcelona. How close is Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At just 13.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only? Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Barcelona, renting a car for around C$ 15/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Barcelona-El Prat Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Barcelona. Is there a pool at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only? Yes, Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only from the Barcelona city center? Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only is 0.5 km away from the center of El Born, Barcelona. Consider visiting Sagrada Familia, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only is by calling +34 935 569 960. Does Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only, Barcelona? On average, guests have been paying C$ 150 per night to stay at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 61 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. How far is Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only from Placa d'Espanya? Placa d'Espanya in Barcelona is 3.1 km away from Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. Is Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only close to Passeig de Gracia? 1.4 km - making Passeig de Gracia a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
