https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Chateau_Laurier_Quebec.htm
Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Hotel 1220, Place George-v Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 930 reviews 7.7 C$ 179 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is ideally located in Quebec City, and provides a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. It is steps from Quebec City Armoury, eateries and nightlife options. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 13.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 522 8108 All policies Amenities at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Continental breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Saltwater pool Seating area Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Hiking Services A/V equipment rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Hôtel Le Concorde Québec 7.2 Good 1225 Cours Du General De Montcalm, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located in Quebec City, Hotel Le Concorde Quebec is within a short drive of the Musee de la civilisation. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor heated pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Building. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Delta Hotels Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an outdoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Quebec City. Boasting views of Old Quebec, it also provides a multitude of facilities, including ski passes, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge La Chouette 8.5 Excellent 71, Rue D'Auteuil, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Auberge La Chouette provides easy access to Quebec City's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Price Building, the Ursulines Of Quebec and Parliament Building. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 930 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.9Solo 7.8Friends 7.7Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec All photos (47) Bedroom (11) Other (8) Building (6) Bathroom (3) Where is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Most Popular Landmarks Plains of Abraham0.1 km Quartier Petit Champlain1.0 km Dufferin Terrace1.0 km Church of St. Roch1.1 km Place Royale1.2 km Museum of Civilization1.3 km Getting Around Québec City Sainte Foy Train station0.3 km Québec City St-Augustin0.6 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.0 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.1 km Québec City Gare du Palais1.2 km Québec City Camp Mercier47.8 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Is pricing at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? The average rate for a night at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is 27% less than the Québec City average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is typically C$ 201, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Québec City. How close is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 13.3 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec. The average expected drive time from Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec to Québec City Airport is 0h 10m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec? Getting from Québec City Airport to Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 41/day in Québec City. Luckily, Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec. Is there a pool at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec? Yes. Many people visiting Québec City look for a hotel with a pool. Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec from the Québec City city center? Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is 0.4 km away from the center of Cap-Blanc, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec at +1 418 522 8108. Does Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec? Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec, Québec City? Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 201/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 128/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec have a laundry service? Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec from Place Royale? The popular Place Royale is just over 1.2 km from Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec. Is Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec close to Dufferin Terrace? Walking distance - there’s 1 km between Dufferin Terrace and Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
