https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Auberge_Michel_Doyon.htm
Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Hotel 1215, Chemin Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 275 reviews 7.5 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Boasting a swimming pool, Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon is situated in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers comfortable rooms with a private bathroom and a kitchenette. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 7.5 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 527 4408 All policies Amenities at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Family rooms Linens Towels Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Shampoo Toilet paper Shared bathroom Safe Shared toilet Heating Shower Oven TV Free parking Microwave Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Services Babysitting or child care Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Auberge Maison Roy 1365 Boulevard Rene-Levesque Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, Auberge Maison Roy is a short drive from the La Citadelle de Quebec and offers on-site parking. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals B&B Le Soleil Nordique 919 Madeleine-de-Vercheres, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel B&B Le soleil nordique is located in Quebec City and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides a terrace, a 24-hour reception and a safe. C$ 629 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel du Nord 7.2 Good 640, St-Vallier Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Hotel du Nord Quebec City is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City 8.4 Excellent 900 Rue Des Rocailles, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Boasting an indoor pool, Courtyard by Marriott Quebec City is located in Quebec City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 275 verified guest reviews 7.4Friends 7.4Families 7.5Couples 7.9Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon All photos (10) Bedroom (3) Room amenity (3) Outdoors view (2) Kitchen (1) Where is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Most Popular Landmarks Parc de la Chute-Montmorency12.8 km Church of St. Roch2.9 km Village Vacances Valcartier23.5 km Plains of Abraham3.1 km Cartier-Brebeuf National Historic Site3.3 km Dufferin Terrace3.9 km Getting Around Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts2.0 km Québec City Université Laval2.4 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy2.6 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station2.6 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne2.8 km Québec City St-Augustin3.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Is pricing at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon comparable to 2 star hotels in Québec City? Nightly rates at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon will generally be 40% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Québec City. When staying at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 87/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Québec City for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 10.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon from the Québec City city center? Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon is just 0.3 km away from the center of Saint-Sacrement, Québec City. From Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Place Royale. What is the Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon is by calling +1 418 527 4408. Does Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon, Québec City? A good deal at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon right now is between C$ 75 and C$ 87 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon from Les Gros Becs? You can walk to Les Gros Becs while staying at Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon - you’ll be about 3.7 km away. Is Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon close to Plains of Abraham? Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Plains of Abraham, which is 3.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Auberge Michel Doyon Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
