https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotelette_Seoul_Station.htm
Hotelette Seoul Station, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotelette Seoul Station Hotelette Seoul Station Hotel 575 Namdaemunro 5-Ga, Jung-Gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 313 reviews 8.3 C$ 44 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotelette Seoul Station Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotelette Seoul Station A short walk from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), the hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay when in Seoul. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 1.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2318 1037 All policies Amenities at Hotelette Seoul Station Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Show more Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotelette Seoul Station Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 754 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotelette Seoul Station Millennium Hilton Seoul 8.3 Excellent 50, Sowol-Ro, Jung-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Central Seoul, Millennium Hilton Seoul provides stylish accommodation with superior facilities. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manu Seoul 8.4 Excellent 19, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is a five-minute walk from the Namdaemun Gate. It also offers body treatments, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Josun Seoul Station 8.2 Excellent 366, Hangang-Daero, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Josun Seoul Station is located in Seoul and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short car trip from Gwanghwamun Plaza, Hongdae Area and Gyeongbokgung Palace. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Lumia Hotel 10.0 Excellent 31-9, Toegye-ro 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), Hotel Lumia Myeongdong provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotelette Seoul Station 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 313 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.3Families 7.6Friends 8.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotelette Seoul Station All photos (29) Building (11) Other (6) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (3) Where is Hotelette Seoul Station Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.9 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.6 km Dongdaemun Market3.4 km Dongdaemun Gate3.6 km Yeouido Park5.5 km COEX Mall8.7 km Getting Around Seoul Bus0.3 km Seoul Sangbong10.9 km Seoul Yongsan2.9 km Seoul Cheongnyangni7.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotelette Seoul Station Is pricing at Hotelette Seoul Station comparable to 2 star hotels in Seoul? The average rate for a night at Hotelette Seoul Station is 75% less than the Seoul average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotelette Seoul Station is typically C$ 45, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Seoul. How close is Hotelette Seoul Station to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At 15.3 km away, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is the closest airport to Hotelette Seoul Station. The average expected drive time from Hotelette Seoul Station to Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotelette Seoul Station? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotelette Seoul Station from the Seoul city center? Hotelette Seoul Station is just 0.2 km away from the center of Hoehyeon-dong, Seoul. From Hotelette Seoul Station you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Hotelette Seoul Station phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotelette Seoul Station please call +82 (0) 2318 1037. Does Hotelette Seoul Station have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotelette Seoul Station has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotelette Seoul Station? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotelette Seoul Station. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotelette Seoul Station, Seoul? Usually Hotelette Seoul Station room prices are around C$ 45/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 30/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is Hotelette Seoul Station from Dongdaemun Gate? Hotelette Seoul Station is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Dongdaemun Gate, Seoul. Is Hotelette Seoul Station close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, Hotelette Seoul Station is just 2.4 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotelette Seoul Station Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
