https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Mall_of_the_Emirates.htm
Hotels near Mall of the Emirates, Dubai - Amazing Deals on 129 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Mall of the Emirates, Dubai Search and compare hotels near Mall of the Emirates from hundreds of travel sites and save Mall of the Emirates - Dubai, United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Mall of the Emirates - Dubai, United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Al Barsha Hotels Mall of the Emirates Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Mall of the Emirates Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hilton Garden Inn Dubai Mall Of The Emirates 8.2 Excellent 22nd St, Al Barsha, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 1,685 reviews 8.2 Located in Dubai, the hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides an outdoor pool. A short walk from Ski Dubai, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with a mini bar. View Deals Holiday Inn Dubai - Al Barsha 7.6 Good Al Barsha 1, Sheikh Zayed Road, Next to Mall of The,Emirates And Mashreq Metro Station, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,132 reviews 7.6 Featuring a shuttle service to Dubai International Airport, plus complimentary wireless internet, the hotel is a convenient place to stay in Dubai. It also features a sauna and an outdoor pool. View Deals Novotel Suites Dubai Mall of the Emirates 7.8 Good 2A Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 2,226 reviews 7.8 Providing a rooftop pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts, the hotel is situated in Dubai and is a short walk from Ski Dubai. It has a gym, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a sauna and a kids pool. View Deals Ivory Grand Hotel Apartments 7.7 Good Behind Mall of Emirates, Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,716 reviews 7.7 Ivory Grand Hotel Apartments provides a comfortable setting when in Dubai. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the property is within a 10-minute walk of Mall of the Emirates. View Deals Hampton by Hilton Dubai Al Barsha 8.2 Excellent Al Barsha 1 Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 2,480 reviews 8.2 Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Hampton By Hilton Dubai Al Barsha is only a five-minute stroll from Sharaf DG (Dubai Metro). This property is conveniently located in Al Barsha. View Deals Aparthotel Adagio Premium Dubai Al Barsha 7.9 Good Off Mashreq Metro Station, Sheikh Zayed Road, PO Box 450011, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 452 reviews 7.9 Adagio Premium Dubai Al Barsha provides modern 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Grand Square Stay Hotel Apartments 6.8 Good Al Barsha 1, Behind Mall Of The Emirates, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 15 reviews 6.8 Situated within walking distance of Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro), Grand Square Stay Hotel Apartments provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Dubai. In addition to free private parking on site, the property features comfortable 3-star apartments and a bar. View Deals Grand Cosmopolitan Hotel 2b Street, 9 Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Finnish sauna. It also offers a rooftop terrace, an all-inclusive meal plan and a Jacuzzi. View Deals All 129 hotels near Mall of the Emirates Top Rated hotels near Mall of the Emirates Show all 129 hotels 1 Flora Al Barsha 8.2 Excellent Al Barsha Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, plus free Wi-Fi, Flora Al Barsha is a convenient place to stay in Dubai. It also features a swimming pool and a gym. View Deals 2 Rose Park Hotel Al Barsha 8.3 Excellent Al Barsha1, Sheikh Zayed Road,Opp. Mashreq Metro Station, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated under a 20-minute walk from Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro), Rose Park Hotel Al Barsha provides guests with an ideal base while in Dubai. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a swimming pool and a sauna. View Deals 3 City Stay Prime Hotel Apartment 7.3 Good Behind Mall Of The Emirates Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated close to Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro), City Stay Prime Hotel Apartment provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a swimming pool, a sauna and free wireless internet. View Deals 4 Donatello Hotel 7.6 Good Sheikh Zayed Road, Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a rooftop pool and a sauna, Donatello Hotels & Resorts is located in Dubai and offers comfortable accommodation. Guests also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. View Deals 5 Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates 8.9 Excellent Sheikh Zayed Road, Al Barsha. Po Box 120679., Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Offering direct access to Mall of the Emirates, this hotel provides ultimate 5-star luxury with 2 infinity pools overlooking the city, and state-of-the-art fitness facilities at K Wellness Health Centre. Popular facilities, such as ski equipment hire, outdoor tennis courts and a ski school, ensure an enjoyable stay in Dubai. View Deals 6 DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Residences Dubai Al Barsha 7.2 Good Al Barsha Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates The hotel is situated in Dubai and is a short walk from Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro). It has a spa, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. View Deals 7 Cassells Al Barsha Hotel By Igh 7.5 Good P.O. Box 114400, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring views of Palm Jumeirah, Cassells Al Barsha Hotel is located in Dubai and offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool so guests can unwind during their stay. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Spa and wellness centre and Fitness centre. View Deals 8 Ibis Mall Of The Emirates 7.6 Good 2 A Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, this 3-star property is modern and cosy. It also offers an outdoor pool, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Mall of the Emirates, Dubai Show all 129 hotels Abidos Hotel Apartment Al Barsha 8.6 Excellent Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Abidos Hotel Apartment Al Barsha provides modern 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Apartments are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals City Stay Inn Hotel Apartment Sheikh Zayed Rd Al Barsha,1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a shuttle service to Dubai International Airport, plus free wireless internet, City Stay Inn Hotel Apartment is a convenient place to stay in Dubai. It also offers an outdoor pool and a swimming pool. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Carlton Al Barsha 6.8 Good 23rd Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a popular location, Carlton Al Barsha has views of Dubai, and is conveniently close to a multitude of dining options. This modern hotel is situated in Al Barsha. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Al Barsha at the Mall 7.9 Good AL Barsha 1 | Behind Mall of Emirates, Dubai, Emirados Árabes Unidos, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.5 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, Citymax Hotel Al Barsha at the Mall is within a 35-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides an outdoor pool. A short walk from Mall of the Emirates, it offers chic rooms equipped with a private bathroom, tea and coffee making facilities and free wireless internet access. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Golden Tulip Al Barsha 6.0 Good Sheikh Zayed Road / Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a rooftop pool and a sauna. It also features 24-hour room service, a coffee bar and a free shuttle service. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals The View Al Barsha Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates The View Al Barsha Hotel Apartments is situated in Dubai and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides a swimming pool and a fitness centre. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Mena Plaza Hotel Albarsha 8.4 Excellent Street 13 Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located close to Mall of the Emirates (Dubai Metro), MENA Plaza Hotel Albarsha offers guests a convenient base when visiting Dubai. It offers free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Excelsior Hotel Al Barsha 7.0 Good 60th Street, Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 11.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, Grand Excelsior Hotel Al Barsha is within a 30-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides a rooftop pool. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Mall of the Emirates 3 stars #1 Most popular Dunes Hotel Apartment, Al Barsha Al Barsha, Behind Mall of Emirates PO.Box 115557, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 226 View Deal #2 Most popular Novotel Suites Dubai Mall of the Emirates 2A Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 7.8 C$ 148 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates Sheikh Zayed Road, Al Barsha. Po Box 120679., Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.9 C$ 422 View Deal #2 Most popular Elite Byblos Hotel Al Barsha 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.0 C$ 139 View Deal Best value Grandeur Hotel Al Barsha 1, Behind Mall of The Emirates, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 7.8 C$ 116 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Mall of the Emirates Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Mall of the Emirates neighbourhoods Al Qusais, Dubai hotels Al Quoz, Dubai hotels Discovery Gardens, Dubai hotels Barsha Heights, Dubai hotels Jebel Ali Village, Dubai hotels Al Jaddaf, Dubai hotels Muhaisnah, Dubai hotels Al Mina, Dubai hotels Jebel Ali, Dubai hotels Green Community Village, Dubai hotels Show more Hotels near popular Mall of the Emirates airports Dubai Intl Airport Abu Dhabi Intl Airport Sharjah Airport Dubai Al Maktoum Intl Airport Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai hotels Abu Dhabi hotels Ras Al Khaimah hotels Sharjah hotels Jurayrah hotels Ajman hotels Hatta hotels Al Ain hotels Garhoud hotels Ruwais hotels Show more Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates regions Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras al-Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Fujairah Umm al-Quwain Hotels near popular Mall of the Emirates landmarks Jumeirah Beach Residence Sheikh Zayed Road Deira City Centre Hor Al Anz East The Walk Al Karama Palm Jumeirah Al Rigga Metro Station BurJuman Mall Vacation rentals in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai vacation rentals Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Ras Al Khaimah vacation rentals Sharjah vacation rentals Ajman vacation rentals Al Ain vacation rentals About Mall of the Emirates Located in Dubai, the Mall of the Emirates is a multi-level shopping centre with over 700 retail brands and activities to enjoy. A shopper’s paradise, the mall is home to 250 flagship stores and over 100 cafes and restaurants. Families and friends will adore a trip to this retail haven, with theatres, cinemas and a plethora of family entertainment venues. If retail therapy is a favourite pastime, the Mall of the Emirates should be the first port of call. With branded stores like Marks and Spencer, Harvey Nichols and Debenhams, shoppers have a wide variety of products to choose from. Outlets offer books, art, electronics, jewellery and cosmetics, in addition to a multitude of leisure offerings. Magic Planet brings the fun back into shopping for all the family. There are award-winning rides, racing simulators and the first ever 4D theatre in the United Arab Emirates. Relax over a game of pool or indulge in the attractive restaurant options on offer before heading back to the shops. Alternatively, take a break from the retail outlets at Ski Dubai. Mall of the Emirates’ indoor ski resort features an 85-metre high mountain with five slopes suitable for all levels of expertise. It showcases the world’s first indoor black diamond run and even has a quad lift and tow lift to transport skiers up the mountain. Children are catered for in the Snow Park play area. There’s an ice cave, sled, toboggan runs and giant snowballs to entertain the little ones. Ski Dubai is also home to a family of penguins and interactive sessions with the cute animals can be booked in advance. For an alternative to the mall, the exceptional Wild Wadi Water Park is a short distance away. Visitors can also explore Souk Madinat Jumeirah or take a Desert Safari day trip to the exotic Arabian sand dunes. Mall of the Emirates is easy to reach via metro. It has its own station on the Red Line which operates from early morning until late evening. The mall is also accessible by bus from Burj Al Arab, Wild Wadi Water Park and the beach. Taxis in Dubai are metered and depending on the number in the travelling party, can be a cost-effective and stress-free mode of transport. Mall of the Emirates began construction in late 2003 with a two-year build schedule at a cost of 218 million dollars. The attention to detail was second to none, with the three storey project combining both Mediterranean and Arabic elements. Recently, a new expansion opened on Level 2, ensuring visitors from afar continue to be amazed and captivated by one of the best shopping malls in the world. Facts about staying in Mall of the Emirates What are the best hotels near Mall of the Emirates? Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates (8.9/10 from 5,581 reviews), DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Residences Dubai Al Barsha (7.2/10 from 1,568 reviews), and Elite Byblos Hotel (8.0/10 from 2,835 reviews) are all highly-rated places to stay near Mall of the Emirates. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Al Barsha Hotels Mall of the Emirates Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
