https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_France_Albion.htm
Hotel France Albion, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Hotel France Albion Hotel France Albion Hotel 11 Rue Notre Dame De Lorette, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,195 reviews 8.6 C$ 145 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel France Albion Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel France Albion Situated a short walk from Opera Metro Station, Hotel France Albion provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 21.5 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 45 26 00 81 All policies Amenities at Hotel France Albion Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view CCTV in common areas No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Street parking Body soap Ice maker Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Children's high chair City view Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel France Albion Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,562 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,834 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 598 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotel France Albion Hotel Mogador 8.4 Excellent 51 rue de la Victoire, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Paris, Hotel Mogador provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It is set amongst a variety of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Opera Metro Station. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Montholon Paris 7.7 Good 15 Rue De Montholon, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Paris North Railway Station, Hotel Montholon provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Paris. It is steps from the Folies Bergere, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 137 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Hotel Ronceray Opera 7.8 Good 10 Boulevard Montmartre, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is steps from the Le Palace, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Generator Paris 7.5 Good 9-11 Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Generator Paris provides a modern setting when in Paris. It also offers a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 303 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel France Albion 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,195 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.7Couples 8.7Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel France Albion All photos (54) Bedroom (24) Bathroom (9) Other (5) Front desk (4) Where is Hotel France Albion Most Popular Landmarks Galeries Lafayette0.6 km Cimetière de Montmartre1.3 km Louvre Museum1.9 km Champs-Elysées2.1 km Centre Pompidou2.1 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.6 km Getting Around Paris Haussmann Saint-Lazare0.9 km Paris Opéra0.9 km Paris Saint-Lazare1.0 km Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt1.0 km Paris Place de Clichy1.0 km Paris Gare du Nord1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotel France Albion Is pricing at Hotel France Albion comparable to 2 star hotels in Paris? In Paris, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 156. The expected nightly rate for Hotel France Albion is around C$ 188; a price that is 9% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hotel France Albion to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Paris. How close is Hotel France Albion to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 21.5 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Hotel France Albion. The average expected drive time from Hotel France Albion to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel France Albion? For the most freedom while visiting Paris, consider renting a car for about C$ 40/day and parking it at Hotel France Albion where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel France Albion guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. How close is Hotel France Albion from the Paris city center? The center of 9th arrondissement, Paris, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Hotel France Albion. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Hotel France Albion using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel France Albion phone number? The best way to contact Hotel France Albion is by calling +33 1 45 26 00 81. Does Hotel France Albion have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel France Albion has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel France Albion? Yes, Hotel France Albion has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hotel France Albion? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel France Albion. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel France Albion, Paris? Hotel France Albion room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 188/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 111/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Hotel France Albion have a laundry service? Hotel France Albion does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel France Albion from Champs-Elysées? Hotel France Albion is about 2.1 km from Champs-Elysées, one of Paris’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel France Albion close to Louvre Museum? Hotel France Albion is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Louvre Museum, which is 1.9 km away. Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Hotel France Albion Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
