https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Birks_Montreal.htm
Hotel Birks Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Birks Montreal Hotel Birks Montreal Hotel 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,152 reviews 8.8 C$ 388 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Birks Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Birks Montreal Conveniently located, Hotel Birks Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's best tourist attractions. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, a 24/7 reception and massages. Hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 370 3000 All policies Amenities at Hotel Birks Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Birks Montreal Top Montreal hotels Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile sits majestically at the foot of the lush Mount Royal Park, conveniently located in the heart of the city, within the historic Golden Square Mile, making it the ideal destination for business travelers, fashion, art and museum lovers as well as gourmets. Enjoy the masterful blend of minimalist design and warm sophistication at our luxury hotel. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Birks Montreal Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites 8.8 Excellent 1193, Place Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Square Phillips Hotel & Suites allows for easy access to Montreal's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It offers complimentary wireless internet, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of Montreal's Underground City. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1250 Boulevard Robert-Bourassa, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is close to Montreal's Underground City. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Montreal 8.1 Excellent 475 President-Kennedy Avenue, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown 8.5 Excellent 380 Blvd. Rene Levesque O, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Birks Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,152 verified guest reviews 8.8Solo 8.7Families 8.9Couples 9.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Birks Montreal All photos (33) Bedroom (6) Lobby (4) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Hotel Birks Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Christ Church Cathedral0.1 km Eaton Centre0.2 km Place Ville-Marie0.3 km Place Bonaventure0.5 km Centre Bell0.9 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal1.0 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.2 km Montreal Central0.5 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.5 km Montreal Bus1.5 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.7 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Birks Montreal How close is Hotel Birks Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 14.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Hotel Birks Montreal is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Hotel Birks Montreal? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Hotel Birks Montreal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Birks Montreal from the Montreal city center? Hotel Birks Montreal is 0.1 km away from the center of Downtown Montreal, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Birks Montreal by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Birks Montreal phone number? For questions about Hotel Birks Montreal and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 514 370 3000. Does Hotel Birks Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Birks Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Birks Montreal? Yes, Hotel Birks Montreal has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hotel Birks Montreal? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Hotel Birks Montreal, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Birks Montreal, Montreal? Prices at Hotel Birks Montreal will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 414, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 183. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Birks Montreal? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Birks Montreal, Montreal. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hotel Birks Montreal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Hotel Birks Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Hotel Birks Montreal is about 1.2 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Birks Montreal close to Centre Bell? Walking distance - there’s 0.9 km between Centre Bell and Hotel Birks Montreal. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Birks Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
