https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Skypark_Myeongdong_I.htm
Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Hotel 15, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 464 reviews 8.2 C$ 60 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Located amongst a range of attractions, shops and eateries, Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is ideal for those wishing to discover Seoul and its surroundings. The numerous amenities this modern hotel has t... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 48.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 900 9351 All policies Amenities at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Services Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier 7.3 Good 9, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong Premier is close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also offers a rooftop terrace, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Savoy Hotel Myeongdong 8.2 Excellent 10, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is located in Seoul and features a rooftop terrace. It is close to Myeongdong Cathedral, eateries and shops. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel New Oriental Myeongdong 9.2 Excellent 1, Toegye-ro 14-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel New Oriental Myeongdong offers modern accommodation in Seoul and is conveniently close to Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). It also provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and a rooftop terrace. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong 7.7 Good 115 Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2), Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 464 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.2Friends 8.0Couples 8.2Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I All photos (44) Bedroom (20) Patio (5) Other (4) Building (3) Where is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.3 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.0 km Dongdaemun Market2.3 km Dongdaemun Gate2.5 km Yeouido Park6.6 km COEX Mall8.4 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.4 km Seoul Yongsan3.9 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.1 km Seoul Sangbong9.8 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Is pricing at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 143 per night in Seoul. Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I will run you C$ 90 per night, which is 53% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At 16.2 km away, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I. The average expected drive time from Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I to Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I from the Seoul city center? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is 0.1 km away from the center of Jung-gu, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I at +82 (0) 26 900 9351. Does Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I, Seoul? A good deal at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I right now is between C$ 44 and C$ 90 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I? There is a restaurant located in Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I have a laundry service? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I from Dongdaemun Gate? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is about 2.5 km from Dongdaemun Gate, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Is Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I close to Gwanghwamun? Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Gwanghwamun, which is 1.8 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
