https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_du_College_de_France.htm
Hotel du College de France, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel du College de France Hotel du College de France Hotel 7 Rue Thenard, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 906 reviews 9.0 C$ 201 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel du College de France Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel du College de France Centrally located, Hotel du College de France allows for easy access to Paris's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is located a brief walk from Notre Dame de Paris, Seine and the Pantheon. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 9.0 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 43 26 78 36 All policies Amenities at Hotel du College de France Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Balcony Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Street parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel du College de France Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Hotel du College de France Mercure Paris Notre Dame Saint Germain des Prés 8.0 Excellent 20 Rue Du Sommerard, Paris, France Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Mercure Paris Notre Dame Saint Germain des Pres allows for easy access to Paris's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Just a short walk from Ile de la Cite, it offers modern rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a mini bar and a private bathroom. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Abbatial Saint Germain 8.5 Excellent 46 Boulevard Saint Germain, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is moments from Seine, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elysa-Luxembourg 8.5 Excellent 6 Rue Gay-Lussac, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Elysa-Luxembourg allows for easy access to Paris's best hot spots. Just a short stroll from Jardin du Luxembourg, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free wireless internet. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Louis II 8.5 Excellent 2 Rue Saint Sulpice, Paris, France Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Saint-Michel Metro Station. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel du College de France 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 906 verified guest reviews 9.0Families 8.9Couples 8.9Solo 9.1Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel du College de France All photos (42) Bedroom (26) Balcony (6) Bathroom (4) Building (3) Where is Hotel du College de France Most Popular Landmarks Pantheon0.4 km Notre Dame0.5 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés1.0 km Centre Pompidou1.3 km Louvre Museum1.4 km Tour Montparnasse2.0 km Getting Around Paris Arc de Triomphe0.3 km Paris Saint-Michel Notre-Dame0.4 km Paris Place du Panthéon0.4 km Paris Panthéon0.4 km Paris Saint-Germain Odéon0.6 km Paris La Passerelle0.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel du College de France Is pricing at Hotel du College de France comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? There is a 23% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Paris and the average nightly rate at Hotel du College de France. The rate at Hotel du College de France is just C$ 235/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Paris. How close is Hotel du College de France to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With no traffic, the 23.4 km drive between Hotel du College de France and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 18m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel du College de France? Getting from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Hotel du College de France can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 42/day in Paris. Luckily, Hotel du College de France has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel du College de France from the Paris city center? Hotel du College de France is just 0.1 km away from the center of Quartier Latin, Paris. From Hotel du College de France you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as AccorHotels Arena. What is the Hotel du College de France phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel du College de France at +33 1 43 26 78 36. Does Hotel du College de France have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel du College de France has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel du College de France? The standard check-out time at Hotel du College de France is 11:30 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel du College de France, Paris? A good deal at Hotel du College de France right now is between C$ 139 and C$ 235 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Hotel du College de France from Champs-Elysées? The popular Champs-Elysées is just over 3.1 km from Hotel du College de France. Is Hotel du College de France close to Louvre Museum? Hotel du College de France is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Louvre Museum, which is 1.4 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Hotel du College de France Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
