https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Place_De_La_Concorde.htm
Hotels near Place de la Concorde, Paris - Amazing Deals on 626 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Place de la Concorde, Paris Search and compare hotels near Place de la Concorde from hundreds of travel sites and save Place de la Concorde - Paris, France 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Place de la Concorde - Paris, France Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Paris City Centre Hotels 8th arrondissement Hotels Place de la Concorde Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Place de la Concorde Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hotel Victoria 7.0 Good 2 Bis Cite Bergere, Paris, France Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Paris, France GoodBased on 859 reviews 7.0 Located a short stroll from Opera Metro Station, Hotel Victoria Faubourg-Montmartre Paris offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. It is close to the Le Palace, eateries and shops. View Deals Hôtel La Comtesse 8.9 Excellent 29, Avenue de Tourville, Paris, France Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 743 reviews 8.9 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a short stroll from the Musee de l'Armee, Les Invalides and the Musee Rodin. View Deals Hotel De Nell 8.6 Excellent 7-9 Rue Du Conservatoire, Paris, France Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 356 reviews 8.6 Hotel de Nell provides chic accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. Just a short walk from the Folies Bergere, it offers air-conditioned rooms with complimentary Wi-Fi access. View Deals Hotel Peyris Opera 8.0 Excellent 10 Rue Du Conservatoire, Paris, France Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 2,012 reviews 8.0 Situated within walking distance of Paris North Railway Station, Hotel Peyris Opera provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Paris. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Mercure Paris Opéra Garnier 8.1 Excellent 4 Rue de l'Isly, Paris, France Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 918 reviews 8.1 Situated in Paris, this 4-star property is charming and contemporary. It is located a brief stroll from Place de la Madeleine, Galeries Lafayette and the Palais Garnier. View Deals Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 8.5 Excellent 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,087 reviews 8.5 Offering 5-star luxury accommodation, Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond is conveniently situated in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple amenities this contemporary hotel offers include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Hotel Brighton 8.5 Excellent 218 Rue de Rivoli, Paris, France Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 773 reviews 8.5 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Paris. Not only does it overlook Eiffel Tower, Tuileries Garden and the Musee du Louvre, but it also provides court yard views. View Deals Le 12 Hotel 9.0 Excellent 12 Rue De Vienne, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 631 reviews 9.0 Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Le 12 Hotel is ideally located in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple facilities this charming hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and massage services. View Deals All 626 hotels near Place de la Concorde Tips for booking hotels in Place de la Concorde Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: July Average price in Place de la Concorde: C$ 2,229/night Cheapest price found: C$ 1,224/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Thursday C$ 1,562 - C$ 3,279 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 1,335 - C$ 3,406 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated hotels near Place de la Concorde Show all 626 hotels 1 Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. View Deals 2 Hôtel Dress Code 8.6 Excellent 5 Rue de Caumartin, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It provides an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free wireless internet. View Deals 3 M Social Hotel Paris Opera 8.2 Excellent 12 Boulevard Haussmann, Paris, France Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Paris. It is close to the Opera-Comique, restaurants and shops. View Deals 4 Hotel Francois 1er 8.5 Excellent 7 Rue Magellan, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a brief stroll from the Arc De Triomphe, Champs-Elysees and Place Charles de Gaulle. View Deals 5 Hotel de Vigny 9 Rue Balzac, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is located a short stroll from the Arc De Triomphe, Place Charles de Gaulle and Champs-Elysees. View Deals 6 Hotel Ascot Opera 8.0 Excellent 2 Rue Monsigny, Paris, France Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Opera Metro Station. View Deals 7 Relais Christine 9.2 Excellent 3, Rue Christine, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Relais Christine is conveniently located in Paris and offers a Finnish sauna and a Jacuzzi. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals 8 Timhotel Le Louvre 7.6 Good 4 Rue Croix Des Petits Champs, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Paris. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Chatelet-Les Halles Metro Station. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Place de la Concorde, Paris Show all 626 hotels Hôtel de Cabourg 5 Rue Du Mont Dore, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located for sightseeing, Hotel de Cabourg is a short walk from several of the city's attractions, including Theatre de l'Oeuvre. This modern hotel is situated in 17th arrondissement - Batignolles-Monceau. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Darcet 8.8 Excellent 4 Rue Darcet, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Hotel Darcet is set in Paris and is close to nearby attractions, such as the Moulin Rouge and Theatre de l'Oeuvre. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel De Paris Saint Georges 7.8 Good 55 Rue Jean-Baptiste Pigalle, Paris, France Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Located within walking distance of Saint-Lazare Train Station, Hotel De Paris Saint Georges offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antin St Georges 6.5 Good 21 Rue Notre Dame De Lorette, Paris, France Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated a short stroll from Opera Metro Station, Hotel Antin St Georges provides guests with a convenient base while in Paris. It is located just a short stroll from plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Corona Rodier 7.1 Good 4 Rue Rodier, Paris, France Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Hotel Corona Rodier is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Opera Deauville 7.0 Good 40 Rue D Amsterdam, Paris, France Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Paris, France Featuring free Wi-Fi, Opera Deauville is located in Paris and offers comfortable accommodation. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Apollo Opera 6.7 Good 32 Rue De Douai, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated a brief drive from Montmartre, Hotel Apollo Opera offers charming accommodation in Paris. Only a short walk from the Moulin Rouge, it provides cosy rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Libertel Montmartre Opéra 8.1 Excellent 32 Rue Duperré, Paris, France Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Saint-Lazare Train Station, Libertel Montmartre Opera offers guests a convenient base while visiting Paris. It also offers free wireless internet to all guests throughout their stay. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Place de la Concorde 3 stars #1 Most popular Hotel Arc Elysees 45 Rue Washington, Paris, France 7.7 C$ 203 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Le Cinq Codet 5 Rue Louis Codet, Paris, France 8.9 C$ 440 View Deal #2 Most popular Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France 9.3 C$ 2,622 View Deal Best value Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France 8.5 C$ 384 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Place de la Concorde Hotels in popular France cities Paris hotels Lourdes hotels Nice hotels Roissy-en-France hotels Marseille hotels Avignon hotels Strasbourg hotels Troyes hotels Bordeaux hotels Reims hotels Show more Hotels in popular France regions Ile-de-France Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Normandy Centre-Val de Loire Corsica Brittany Hotels near popular Place de la Concorde landmarks Jardins des Tuileries Paris City Centre Eiffel Tower Paris Lyon Railway Station Champs-Elysées Montmartre Hotels near popular Place de la Concorde airports Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Paris Orly Airport Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport Paris-Le Bourget Airport Hotels in popular Place de la Concorde neighbourhoods 6th arrondissement, Paris hotels 11th arrondissement, Paris hotels 17th arrondissement, Paris hotels 10th arrondissement, Paris hotels 3rd arrondissement, Paris hotels Quartier Latin, Paris hotels 4th arrondissement, Paris hotels 14th arrondissement, Paris hotels 12th arrondissement, Paris hotels 2nd arrondissement, Paris hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular France cities Paris vacation rentals Lourdes vacation rentals Nice vacation rentals Marseille vacation rentals Avignon vacation rentals Strasbourg vacation rentals Troyes vacation rentals Bordeaux vacation rentals Reims vacation rentals Rouen vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About Place de la Concorde Standing proudly in the 8th arrondissement of Paris is Place de la Concorde, the largest square in the city. With a rich history dating back to the French Revolution, beautiful ornamental fountains and striking architecture, it’s easy to see why this picturesque square attracts visitors from all over the world. The centre of Place de la Concorde is dominated by a giant Egyptian obelisk which was once stationed at the entrance to the Temple of Luxor. The Obelisk of Luxor was a gift to France from the Egyptian government, etched with hieroglyphics on the reign of Ramesses II. There are two ornamental fountains located in the square constructed by architect Jacques Ignace Hittorf. The fountains symbolise rivers and seas due to their proximity to the Ministry of the Navy building and the River Seine. There are eight angles in the octagonal Place de la Concorde, each of which has a statue representing different French cities. A short walk away, visitors will find the beautiful Tuileries Gardens. Created by Catherine de Medici, the gardens are a wonderful place to soak up the Parisian atmosphere and watch the world go by. The public park is home to Musée de l'Orangerie which houses some of the best Impressionist paintings in the world. The most iconic work of art is a huge canvas of “Waterlilies” by Claude Monet. Louvre Museum is a 20 minutes’ walk from Place de la Concorde, and Pont Neuf bridge leading to Île de la Cité and the Notre Dame Cathedral a little further. The famous Parisian boulevard, Avenue de Champs-Élysées leads on from Place de la Concorde. Here, visitors will find the ultimate in retail therapy and French cuisine with world-class designer boutiques, chic cafes and fine dining establishments. Paris is well-served by metro stations. The Concorde metro stop on the corner of Rue de Rivoli and Tuileries Gardens is the most convenient for Place de la Concorde. For visitors wishing to stroll through the park, Tuileries metro station is equally accessible. Many Parisian attractions are within walking distance from each other. Place de la Concorde to the Arc de Triomphe or the Eiffel Tower takes 30 minutes on foot. During the French Revolution, a statue of Louis XV stood in the Place de la Revolution, and it was here amid raging crowds that Louis XVI was executed and the statue of his grandfather was torn down. Following the Bourbon Restoration in the early 1800s, the square was renamed Place de la Concorde, as a symbol of peace. The square with its beautiful fountains and grand architecture is one of Paris’ most symbolic sites. Facts about staying in Place de la Concorde What are the best hotels near Place de la Concorde? L'Hôtel, rated with a score of 8.6 from 340 reviewers, is one of the most popular hotels near Place de la Concorde. Other top stays include Le Damantin Hôtel & Spa, with an average rating of 8.8 from 777 reviewers, and Residhome Paris Opéra, with a score of 7.5 from 504 reviewers. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Paris City Centre Hotels 8th arrondissement Hotels Place de la Concorde Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
