https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Grand_Bazaar.htm
Hotels near Kapaliçarşi, Istanbul - Amazing Deals on 1,356 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Kapaliçarşi, Istanbul Search and compare hotels near Kapaliçarşi from hundreds of travel sites and save Kapaliçarşi - Istanbul, Turkey 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Kapaliçarşi - Istanbul, Turkey Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 Fatih Hotels Sultanahmet Hotels Kapaliçarşi Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Kapaliçarşi Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters The Galata Istanbul Hotel - MGallery 8.3 Excellent Arap Camii Mahallesi Bankalar, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,047 reviews 8.3 Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It provides a fitness centre, as well as massage services, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Neorion Hotel 9.1 Excellent Orhaniye Street, No: 14, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 602 reviews 9.1 Neorion Hotel is situated in Fatih, just 30 minutes from Ataturk International Airport. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 10 Karakoy Istanbul 8.5 Excellent Kemeralti Caddesi No: 10, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,336 reviews 8.5 Conveniently situated, 10 Karakoy Istanbul offers easy access to Istanbul's best hot spots. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. View Deals Istanbul Golden City Hotel 8.1 Excellent Tersane Cad. No. 111, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 877 reviews 8.1 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. It also offers a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Manesol Boutique Galata 8.0 Excellent Arapcamii Mah Bankalar Cad. Billur Sok No:1 A Karakoy, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,029 reviews 8.0 Conveniently positioned, Manesol Boutique Galata allows for easy access to Istanbul's main sightseeing areas. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and a rooftop terrace. View Deals Ahmet Efendi Konagi 8.7 Excellent Ordekli Bakkal Str. No 13/1,Kumkapi, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 811 reviews 8.7 Situated in Fatih, Ahmet Efendi Konagi offers stylish accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It also features a 24-hour reception, a concierge and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Skalion Hotel & Spa 8.3 Excellent Çifte Gelinler Cad.No:6, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey ExcellentBased on 1,340 reviews 8.3 Located in Istanbul, Skalion Hotel & Spa is within walking distance of the Little Hagia Sophia and features a Turkish steam bath. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as free Wi-Fi, massage services and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Manesol Old City Bosphorus 7.5 Good Sirkeci Hobyar Mah. Ankara Cad. No:2 Sirkeci, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey GoodBased on 618 reviews 7.5 Manesol Old City Bosphorus provides a modern setting while in Istanbul. It also boasts a roof terrace with sea views. View Deals All 1,356 hotels near Kapaliçarşi Top Rated hotels near Kapaliçarşi Show all 1,356 hotels 1 Ada Karakoy Hotel - Special Category 9.0 Excellent Kemankes Mah. Gümrük Sk. No:18, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Istanbul. It offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals 2 Walton Hotels Galata 9.4 Excellent Bereketzade Mah. Şair Eşref Paşa Sokak No:4, Galata Beyoğlu, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Istanbul. Just a short walk from Galata Tower, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator and a mini bar. View Deals 3 Glk Premier The Home Suites & Spa 8.2 Excellent Kucukayasofya Cad No:60, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This Istanbul hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Cankurtaran Railway Station. It showcases views of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and the Hagia Sophia, and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. View Deals 4 Hotel Tulip House 8.3 Excellent Katip Sinan Cami Sok No:28, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Offering a rooftop terrace, Hotel Tulip House is situated in Istanbul and is a brief walk from the Little Hagia Sophia. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. View Deals 5 DoubleTree by Hilton Istanbul - Sirkeci 7.9 Good Nobethane Cad. Darussade Sk. No.5 3, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Istanbul - Sirkeci is set in Fatih and is a 10-minute walk from the Hagia Sophia. The multiple amenities this traditional hotel features include a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 6 Mercure Istanbul Sirkeci 9.1 Excellent Hobyar Mah, Muhzirbasi Sokak No. 6, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey The hotel is set amongst Istanbul's popular restaurants and eateries, just a short stroll from Istanbul Sirkeci Terminal. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. View Deals 7 Hotel Amira Istanbul 9.4 Excellent Kucuk Ayasofya Mahallesi Mustafa, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Situated in Istanbul, Hotel Amira Istanbul provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Little Hagia Sophia. Featuring views of Sea Of Marmara, it also offers a variety of amenities, including a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a sauna. View Deals 8 Orient Express & Spa by Orka Hotels 8.1 Excellent Hudavendigar Street No: 24, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Established in 2000 and situated in Istanbul, Orient Express Hotel- Sirkeci Group offers an indoor pool, a ski school and a sauna, plus views of Topkapi Palace, Bosphorus and the Hagia Sophia. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Kapaliçarşi, Istanbul Show all 1,356 hotels Piya Hostel 6.8 Good Sultanahmet Mh. Akbiyik Camii Sk. No.22, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This comfortable hostel in Istanbul provides free wireless internet, as well as a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is situated a short stroll from the Sultan Ahmed Mosque, the Hagia Sophia and Hippodrome of Constantinople. C$ 9 Avg. per night View Deals Hanchi Hostel 7.7 Good 11 Samsa Sokak, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located in Fatih, Hanchi Hostel is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including the Little Hagia Sophia. It also offers free wireless internet. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Cheers Lighthouse 8.6 Excellent Kucuk Ayasofya Mahallesi Cayiroglu Sokak No:18 Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This comfortable hotel in Istanbul provides free Wi-Fi, as well as massage services and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is close to the Little Hagia Sophia, eateries and shops. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Guesthouse 9.3 Excellent Amiral Tafdil Sk. No:6 Old City, Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Located in Fatih, this guest house is within a 10-minute walk of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque, the Hagia Sophia and Hippodrome of Constantinople. It offers city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Antique Hostel 8.4 Excellent Kutlugun Sokak No:51 Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This hostel is located in Fatih, just a short stroll from the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and the Hagia Sophia. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sun deck. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Santefe Hotel 5.9 Okay Muhsine Hatun Mah. Ciftegelinler Cad. No:21 Kumkapi/Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey Santefe Hotel is located in Istanbul and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals De Marêe 7.8 Good Sehsuvarbey Mahalesi, Cömertler Sokak no 13, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey De Maree is located in Fatih, a few minutes from the Little Hagia Sophia. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals The Lola Hotel 7.1 Good Katip Sinan Cami Sokak 18, Istanbul, Turkey Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Istanbul, Turkey This affordable hotel is located in Fatih, just a few minutes from the Little Hagia Sophia. It is situated a short walk from Hippodrome of Constantinople, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and Grand Bazaar. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Kapaliçarşi 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Second Home Hostel Ebusuud Cad. No: 19, Sirkeci, Istanbul, Turkey 8.8 C$ 64 View Deal #2 Most popular Erenler Hostel & Hotel Hocapasa Mah. Tayahatun Sok. No: 9, Istanbul, Turkey 8.5 C$ 33 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Blue House Hotel Dalbasti Sokak No 14, Istanbul, Turkey 8.4 C$ 108 View Deal #2 Most popular Sultanahmet Deluxe Hotel Kucuk Ayasofya Mah Cardakli Firin, Araligi Sk No 8, Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey C$ 249 View Deal Best value Hotel Centrum Istanbul Hoca Pasa Mh. Ibn-i Kemal Cd. No:14, Istanbul, Turkey 7.9 C$ 59 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Sura Hagia Sophia Hotel Divanyolu Cd. Alemdar Mh. Ticarethane Sk. No:10 Sultanahmet, Istanbul, Turkey 8.2 C$ 154 View Deal #2 Most popular Glk Premier Acropol Suites & Spa Akbiyik cad. No:21, Istanbul, Turkey 8.6 C$ 153 View Deal Best value Hotel Yasmak Sultan Ebusuud Cad. 12, Istanbul, Turkey 8.5 C$ 118 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Kapaliçarşi Hotels in popular Turkey cities Istanbul hotels Antalya hotels Bodrum hotels Göynük hotels Izmir hotels Göreme hotels Belek hotels Marmaris hotels Kusadasi hotels Mersin (Icel) hotels Show more Hotels near popular Kapaliçarşi airports Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen Airport Hotels in popular Kapaliçarşi neighbourhoods Uskudar, Istanbul hotels Kadikoy, Istanbul hotels Maltepe, Istanbul hotels Sultanahmet, Istanbul hotels Asian Side, Istanbul hotels Atasehir, Istanbul hotels Basaksehir, Istanbul hotels Gaziosmanpasa, Istanbul hotels Sancaktepe, Istanbul hotels Cekmekoy, Istanbul hotels Show more Hotels in popular Turkey regions Istanbul Province Antalya Province Mugla Province Izmir Province Nevsehir Province Aydin Province Mersin Province Bursa Province Ankara Province Denizli Province Show more Vacation rentals in popular Turkey cities Istanbul vacation rentals Antalya vacation rentals Bodrum vacation rentals Izmir vacation rentals Belek vacation rentals Marmaris vacation rentals Kusadasi vacation rentals Mersin (Icel) vacation rentals Cesme vacation rentals Ankara vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Kapaliçarşi landmarks Taksim Cevahir AVM Taksim Square Istanbul City Centre Sultan Ahmet Camii Ayasofya Florya Plaji Sultanahmet Meydani Bosphorus Bridge Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About Kapaliçarşi Grand Bazaar or ‘Büyük Çarşı’ in Istanbul, Turkey, is one of the oldest and largest covered markets in the world. It has been listed as one of the world’s most visited tourist venues attracting up to 90 million visitors every year. Grand Bazaar is home to almost 4,000 shops selling everything from rugs to jewellery, aromatic spices and Turkish ceramics. Grand Bazaar is a labyrinth of over 60 streets, fortunately for visitors, the stalls are usually grouped by type of goods. There are special areas for jewellery, leather, spices and carpets. Four main gates allow access into the Bazaar. The first “Second-hand Book Sellers Gate” lies to the north of the market. The second, “Skullcap Sellers Gate” lies to the south. Those seeking jewellery should enter via “Jewellers’ Gate” to the east and for fashion “Women’s Clothing Gate” to the west. The Bazaar is home to two mosques, several hammams, fountains and myriad cafes and restaurants. Visitors can sip Turkish coffee while soaking up the old-world atmosphere as tourists haggle for the perfect souvenir. Many visitors come to Grand Bazaar to shop for traditional hand-woven carpets and rugs for which the market is famous. These can be found along the street of ‘Sahaflar Caddesi’ and travellers looking for a gold trinket or piece of exquisite jewellery should focus their search around the streets of Kuyumcular Carsisi and Kalpakcilar Caddesi. The architecture in the market is also incredibly striking, with drinking fountains, decorative ceramics lining the avenues and 17th century kiosks which double up as small cafes. With so many streets in a concentrated area, tourists bargaining with stall holders for the best price, and millions of unique items to choose from, it’s an experience any visitor to Istanbul won’t want to miss. The Grand Bazaar is closed on Sundays and Turkish holidays. The best way to reach the Grand Bazaar is via tram, as stops at Beyazit and Çemberlitaş are closest to the covered market. Trams operate from major city attractions including the district of Sultanahmet. Visitors can also walk in around 15 minutes from the Blue Mosque. Grand Bazaar has been an important trading centre of Istanbul since 1461. The area expanded in the 16th century and has since undergone major restoration after the city was hit by an earthquake. Grand Bazaar became popular with international tourists in the early 1900s, each seeking an “Oriental market” experience. Today, the Grand Bazaar has around 26,000 people working there, it is one of the main tourist attractions of Istanbul, be prepared for fun haggling, and expect to spend plenty of Turkish Lira. Facts about staying in Kapaliçarşi What are the best hotels near Kapaliçarşi? Kapaliçarşi is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Georges Hotel Galata, which has a current rating of 8.7. For other potential stays, consider Novotel Istanbul Karakoy and Sura Design Hotel & Suites, which can also be great places to stay near Kapaliçarşi. Home Turkey Hotels 45,764 Marmara Region Hotels 14,146 Istanbul Hotels 9,216 Fatih Hotels Sultanahmet Hotels Kapaliçarşi Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
