https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Rialto_Victoria.htm
Hotel Rialto, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Hotel Rialto Hotel Rialto Hotel 653 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,040 reviews 8.3 C$ 187 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Rialto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Rialto This historic hotel is situated close to Victoria City Hall in Victoria. It is steps from Chinatown, restaurants and nightlife options. There are a variety of facilities at Hotel Rialto Victo... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 86.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 383 4157 All policies Amenities at Hotel Rialto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Street parking Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Cycling Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Health club 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Rialto Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Hotel Rialto Best Western Plus Carlton Plaza Hotel 8.1 Excellent 642 Johnson Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is a historic setting while in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. Only a short stroll from BC Ferries, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with movies-on-demand, a refrigerator and a kitchenette. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Swans Brewery, Pub and Hotel 7.8 Good 506 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Swans Brewery Pub & Hotel is located in Victoria and features free Wi-Fi. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Chinatown and Victoria City Hall. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Red Lion Inn and Suites Victoria 7.8 Good 3366 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This comfortable hotel in Saanich provides free wireless internet, as well as an outdoor heated pool and meeting rooms. It offers a gym, as well as scuba diving, fishing and billiards. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals James Bay Inn Hotel & Suites 8.5 Excellent 270 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada James Bay Inn Hotel Suites & Cottage is a comfortable setting when in Victoria and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Rialto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,040 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.4Solo 8.3Couples 8.1Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Rialto All photos (36) Bedroom (8) Other (6) Bathroom (5) Living room (4) Where is Hotel Rialto Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre0.5 km Victoria Harbour0.7 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.5 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.5 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.3 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at View0.3 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery0.5 km Victoria Bus Station0.8 km Victoria Ferry0.9 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.0 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.0 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Rialto Is pricing at Hotel Rialto comparable to 3 star hotels in Victoria? The average rate for a night at Hotel Rialto is 13% less than the Victoria average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Rialto is typically C$ 183, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Victoria. How close is Hotel Rialto to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 0.7 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Hotel Rialto. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Hotel Rialto? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Hotel Rialto can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Hotel Rialto has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Rialto guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. Is Hotel Rialto considered pet-friendly? Hotel Rialto welcomes most household pets. How close is Hotel Rialto from the Victoria city center? Hotel Rialto is 0.4 km away from the center of Downtown, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Rialto by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Rialto phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel Rialto please call +1 250 383 4157. Does Hotel Rialto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Rialto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Rialto? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel Rialto. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel Rialto? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hotel Rialto. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Rialto, Victoria? Hotel Rialto room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 183/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 119/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Rialto? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Rialto restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hotel Rialto have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Hotel Rialto. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Rialto from Emily Carr House? You can walk to Emily Carr House while staying at Hotel Rialto - you’ll be about 1.6 km away. Is Hotel Rialto close to Royal Theatre? If you want to see Royal Theatre while visiting Victoria, Hotel Rialto is just 0.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Hotel Rialto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
