https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Roma_Lisbon.htm
Hotel Roma, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Roma Hotel Roma Hotel Avenida de Roma 33, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 6,853 reviews 8.5 C$ 95 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Roma Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Roma Hotel Roma Lisbon is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's popular attractions. The various facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, a hair salon and meeting rooms. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 3.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 217 932 244 All policies Amenities at Hotel Roma Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Beauty salon Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Roma Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Roma Lutecia Smart Design Hotel 8.3 Excellent Avenida Frei Miguel Contreiras, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Lisbon, Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is an easy drive from Bairro Alto and provides disabled parking. It has complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to the Teatro Maria Matos. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno 7.6 Good Avenida Joao XXI, 80, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno offers 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Lisbon 7.9 Good Avenida Antonio Jose De Almeida 28-a, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, Holiday Inn Lisboa is within a 10-minute drive of Lisbon Portela Airport and provides a rooftop pool and a rooftop terrace. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals NH Lisboa Campo Grande 8.5 Excellent Campo Grande 7, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Providing a sauna and a Jacuzzi, NH Lisboa Campo Grande is situated in Lisbon and is a short stroll from the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal. It has a fitness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and meeting rooms. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Roma 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 6,853 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.4Solo 8.6Friends 8.5Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date B 10.0 Excellent Brian, Mar. 2018 A repeat experience. All goof. Photos of Hotel Roma All photos (44) Bedroom (13) Other (8) Bathroom (4) Conference room (4) Where is Hotel Roma Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.4 km Jardim Botânico3.1 km Castelo de São Jorge3.5 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.7 km Chiado Museum3.9 km Sé de Lisboa4.1 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.6 km Lisbon Entrecampos0.7 km Lisbon Av. da República1.0 km Lisbon Alameda1.2 km Lisbon Saldanha1.4 km Lisbon Picoas1.8 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Roma Is pricing at Hotel Roma comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 32% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Hotel Roma. The rate at Hotel Roma is just C$ 116/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Hotel Roma to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With a distance of 3.4 km between Hotel Roma and the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 02m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Roma? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Hotel Roma where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Roma from the Lisbon city center? Hotel Roma is 0.7 km away from the center of Areeiro, Lisbon. Consider visiting Sé de Lisboa, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Roma by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Roma phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +351 217 932 244. Does Hotel Roma have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Roma has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Roma? Hotel Roma has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Roma, Lisbon? A good deal at Hotel Roma right now is between C$ 73 and C$ 116 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Roma? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel Roma restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hotel Roma have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Hotel Roma from Estádio José Alvalade? The popular Estádio José Alvalade is just over 2.6 km from Hotel Roma. Is Hotel Roma close to Teatro Nacional D. Maria II? 3.5 km - making Teatro Nacional D. Maria II a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Roma. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Roma Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
