https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Grand_Pacific_Victoria.htm
Hotel Grand Pacific, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Hotel Grand Pacific Hotel Grand Pacific Hotel 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 800 reviews 8.3 C$ 195 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Grand Pacific Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Grand Pacific Hotel Grand Pacific Victoria is set in Victoria and is close to local sightseeing spots, such as British Columbia Parliament Buildings. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 386 0450 All policies Amenities at Hotel Grand Pacific Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Aerobics Fitness centre Squash Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Grand Pacific Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria 7.5 Good 1999 Country Club Way, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map Surrounded by lush golf greens and Vancouver Island's rugged mountains, The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria offers stunning natural beauty and upscale comforts. Located in Langford, a short distance from Victoria, BC, our hotel places you eight kilometers from Thetis Lake Regional Park. Test your skills at the resort's two golf courses or indulge in a beauty or wellness treatment at Amatista Spa. Find your sanctuary in Langford near Victoria, BC, at The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Hotel Grand Pacific Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria On The Harbour 7.5 Good 427 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria On The Harbour provides a modern setting while in Victoria. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a coffee bar and an outdoor pool. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Scot Hotel & Suites 8.3 Excellent 425 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Royal Scot Hotel & Suites provides modern accommodation in Victoria and is within walking distance of Victoria Railway Station. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Inner Harbour 7.8 Good 412 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, Best Western PLUS Inner Harbour Hotel is a short walk from British Columbia Parliament Buildings and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is located a short stroll from the Royal British Columbia Museum and IMAX Victoria. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Inn 8.7 Excellent 520 Menzies Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The Embassy Inn provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Grand Pacific 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 800 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 8.1Solo 7.8Friends 8.4Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Grand Pacific All photos (44) Bedroom (8) Living room (6) Bathroom (5) Gym (4) Where is Hotel Grand Pacific Most Popular Landmarks Victoria Harbour0.3 km Open Space Arts Society0.5 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf0.8 km Fisherman's Wharf Park0.8 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.4 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.1 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry0.2 km Victoria Bus Station0.4 km Victoria Douglas at View0.7 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.3 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.8 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Grand Pacific Is pricing at Hotel Grand Pacific comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? The average rate for a night at Hotel Grand Pacific is 27% less than the Victoria average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Grand Pacific is typically C$ 252, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Victoria. How close is Hotel Grand Pacific to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? At 0.3 km away, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Grand Pacific. The average expected drive time from Hotel Grand Pacific to Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Hotel Grand Pacific? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Hotel Grand Pacific can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Hotel Grand Pacific has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Grand Pacific guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Victoria. Is Hotel Grand Pacific considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hotel Grand Pacific during their stay. Is there a pool at Hotel Grand Pacific? Yes, Hotel Grand Pacific has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Grand Pacific from the Victoria city center? Hotel Grand Pacific is just 0.4 km away from the center of James Bay, Victoria. From Hotel Grand Pacific you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the Hotel Grand Pacific phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 250 386 0450. Does Hotel Grand Pacific have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Grand Pacific has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Grand Pacific? Yes, Hotel Grand Pacific has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hotel Grand Pacific? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, Victoria? Prices at Hotel Grand Pacific will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 252, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 140. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Grand Pacific? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Grand Pacific, Victoria. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hotel Grand Pacific have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Grand Pacific. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Hotel Grand Pacific from Emily Carr House? Emily Carr House in Victoria is 0.8 km away from Hotel Grand Pacific. Is Hotel Grand Pacific close to Royal Theatre? 0.8 km - making Royal Theatre a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Grand Pacific. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Hotel Grand Pacific Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
