https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Mystays_Asakusa_bashi.htm
Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Hotel 1-5-5, Asakusabashi, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,286 reviews 8.2 C$ 56 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Located in Taito, Hotel Mystays Asakusa-bashi offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, massage services and a 24-hour reception. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a dry c... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Tokyo All airports Distance to airport 4.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 368 580 600 All policies Amenities at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Tatami (traditional Japanese flooring) Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Pants press Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Mini-market on site All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Ai Hotel Nihonbashi 11-19 Tomizawacho, Nihonbashi, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Ai Hotel Nihonbashi is situated in Tokyo and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular nightlife options and is minutes on foot from Ningyocho Station. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho 8.6 Excellent 2-3, Nihonbashikodenmacho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, Dormy Inn Premium Tokyo Kodenmacho is within a 20-minute drive of Haneda Airport and offers a sauna. It provides free wireless internet in public areas, an all-hours reception and massages. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara 8.2 Excellent 2-1 Akihabara, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel The Keikyu EX Inn Akihabara offers 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Akihabara Railway Station. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Ueno Okachimachi 7.7 Good 2-4-4 Kojima, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Ueno Okachimachi provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It also features luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and laundry facilities. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,286 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.0Families 8.3Couples 8.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date Z 6.5 Okay zarina1260, Jul. 2018 not bad Photos of Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi All photos (32) Bedroom (16) Room amenity (6) Bathroom (4) Building (3) Where is Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town0.9 km Ueno Koen2.2 km Senso-ji2.3 km Asakusa Jinja2.4 km Tokyo Dome3.0 km Ginza Mitsukoshi3.3 km Getting Around Tokyo Ueno1.9 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube2.0 km Tokyo2.3 km Tokyo2.4 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.8 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal6.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Is pricing at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotels in Tokyo that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 288/night, but on average, Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi is available for 80% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi for C$ 77/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Tokyo. How close is Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 16.4 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi. The average expected drive time from Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi is 1.5 km away from the center of Ueno, Tokyo. Consider visiting Asakusa Jinja, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi please call +81 368 580 600. Does Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi? Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi, Tokyo? Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 77/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 38/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi have a laundry service? Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi from Tokyo Dome? Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi is a walkable distance (3 km) from Tokyo Dome, Tokyo. Is Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi close to Akihabara Electric Town? Walking distance - there’s 0.9 km between Akihabara Electric Town and Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
