https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Excelsior_Lisbon.htm
Hotel Excelsior, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Hotel Excelsior Hotel Excelsior Hotel Rua Rodrigues Sampaio, 172, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 2,604 reviews 6.7 C$ 56 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Excelsior Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Excelsior Located a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Excelsior Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their sta... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 6.7 Policies Check-in time 2:30 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 188 040 All policies Amenities at Hotel Excelsior Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Excelsior Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Excelsior Tagus Royal Residence Rua Alexandre Herculano, N.º 11, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Tagus Royal Residence is located in Lisbon and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 1,132 Avg. per night View Deals Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel 7.5 Good Avenida da Liberdade 247, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel TURIM Av Liberdade Hotel offers modern accommodation in Lisbon and is within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station. It is steps from Liberty Avenue, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Florida 7.8 Good Rua Duque De Palmela 34, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Bairro Alto, Hotel Florida Lisbon provides luxury accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Hf Fenix Lisboa 8.2 Excellent Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located near local attractions, HF Fenix Lisboa showcases views of Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 97 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Excelsior 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 2,604 verified guest reviews 6.8Friends 6.6Solo 6.6Couples 6.9Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Excelsior All photos (37) Bedroom (10) Front desk (4) Restaurant (4) Lounge (4) Where is Hotel Excelsior Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.7 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.5 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.6 km Castelo de São Jorge1.7 km Chiado Museum1.7 km Sé de Lisboa2.1 km Getting Around Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.2 km Lisbon Picoas0.6 km Lisbon Avenida0.6 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.8 km Lisbon Saldanha1.0 km Lisbon Restauradores1.2 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Excelsior How close is Hotel Excelsior to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Hotel Excelsior is 5.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Excelsior? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Hotel Excelsior from the Lisbon city center? Hotel Excelsior is 0.3 km away from the center of Santo António, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Excelsior by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Excelsior phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +351 213 188 040 to talk to a Hotel Excelsior front desk representative. Does Hotel Excelsior have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Excelsior has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Excelsior? Hotel Excelsior check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Excelsior, Lisbon? Usually Hotel Excelsior room prices are around C$ 89/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 45/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Excelsior? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hotel Excelsior for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hotel Excelsior have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Excelsior. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel Excelsior from Sé de Lisboa? The popular Sé de Lisboa is just over 2.1 km from Hotel Excelsior. Is Hotel Excelsior close to Chiado Museum? 1.7 km - making Chiado Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Excelsior. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Hotel Excelsior Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
