https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Alif_Campo_Pequeno.htm
Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Hotel Avenida Joao XXI, 80, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 1,561 reviews 7.6 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno offers 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. A concierge, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception are just some of the conveni... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.0 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 3.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 217 826 210 All policies Amenities at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Library Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Holiday Inn Lisbon 7.9 Good Avenida Antonio Jose De Almeida 28-a, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, Holiday Inn Lisboa is within a 10-minute drive of Lisbon Portela Airport and provides a rooftop pool and a rooftop terrace. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Roma 8.5 Excellent Avenida de Roma 33, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Roma Lisbon is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's popular attractions. The various facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, a hair salon and meeting rooms. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. The multiple facilities this luxury hotel has to offer include 24-hour room service, a beauty centre and valet parking. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Lutecia Smart Design Hotel 8.3 Excellent Avenida Frei Miguel Contreiras, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Lisbon, Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is an easy drive from Bairro Alto and provides disabled parking. It has complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to the Teatro Maria Matos. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,561 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.6Solo 7.5Friends 7.7Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno All photos (38) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (4) Buffet (4) Lobby (3) Where is Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.0 km Jardim Botânico2.7 km Castelo de São Jorge3.2 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.3 km Chiado Museum3.5 km Sé de Lisboa3.7 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.3 km Lisbon Av. da República0.5 km Lisbon Entrecampos0.6 km Lisbon Saldanha0.9 km Lisbon Alameda1.1 km Lisbon Picoas1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Is pricing at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? The average rate for a night at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is 36% less than the Lisbon average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is typically C$ 110, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Lisbon. How close is Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 3.8 km drive between Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 02m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno from the Lisbon city center? Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is just 0.7 km away from the center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon. From Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as SL Benfica Stadium. What is the Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is by calling +351 217 826 210. Does Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno, Lisbon? Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 110/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 72/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno from Sé de Lisboa? Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is a walkable distance (3.7 km) from Sé de Lisboa, Lisbon. Is Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno close to Estádio José Alvalade? Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Estádio José Alvalade, which is 2.7 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
