https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Casa_Maraf_Hotel_Boutique_Adults_Only.htm
Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Hotel 16, Quetzal, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico MediocreBased on 1 review 2.0 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Casa Maraf Hotel Boutique - Adults Only provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It is situated a short walk from Cancun Golf Club at Pok-Ta-Pok. The hotel has 9 rooms that are fitted ... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.8 km Rating 2.0 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 16.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 988 367 9638 All policies Amenities at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Parking Beach towels Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Air-conditioned Outdoor pool Free toiletries Activities Beach access Services Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Presidente Intercontinental Cancun Resort 8.3 Excellent Boulevard Kukulkan KM 7.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Presidente InterContinental Cancun Resort provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a private beach. Guests have access to a sun deck, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Beachscape Kin ha Villas & Suites 8.6 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan Km 8.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 4-star hotel is situated in Cancun. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop terrace. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Dreams Sands Cancun Resort & Spa 6.6 Good Blvd. Kukulcan km. 8.5 Lote B, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Guests of this resort will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site spa and wellness centre, all just a quick car ride from the heart of Cancun. It also provides a sauna, an all-inclusive meal plan and an outdoor pool. C$ 415 Avg. per night View Deals Sunset Royal Beach Resort 8.4 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan Km. 10 Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Offering a private beach and an outdoor pool, this 4-star resort is situated in Cancun. It also offers valet parking, a kids pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 2.0 BadBased on 1 verified guest review 2.0Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only All photos (60) Bedroom (27) Bathroom (7) Pool (7) Other (4) Where is Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul1.2 km Playa Tortugas1.4 km Puerto Cancun6.0 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun7.8 km Playa Delfines8.3 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza La Isla Cancun0.9 km Cancún Ultramar Playa Caracol Pier (Hotels Area)1.3 km Cancún Plaza Flamingos1.7 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor10.3 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa10.7 km Cancún Ado López Portillo11.5 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only How close is Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? There are 16.4 km between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 12m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only? Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only? Yes, Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only is by calling +52 988 367 9638. Does Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only? The standard check-out time at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only, Cancún? On average, guests have been paying C$ 170 per night to stay at Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 53 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only is a good place to stay to see Delphinus Punta Cancún. It’s 1.7 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Hotel Boutique Casa Maraf - Adults Only Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
