https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Gault.htm
Hotel Gault, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Gault Hotel Gault Hotel 449 Rue Sainte-Helene, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 445 reviews 9.0 C$ 323 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Gault Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Gault Hotel Gault offers a contemporary setting while in Montreal. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. This 4-star hotel offers body treatments, facial trea... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 904 1616 All policies Amenities at Hotel Gault Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Blu-ray player Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Children's high chair Toothbrush Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Library Services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Gault Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Gault LHotel Montreal 8.5 Excellent 262 Rue Saint-Jacques West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Central Station Montreal, LHotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It offers free wireless internet in public areas and is moments from Bank of Montreal and other tourist attractions. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Montreal 8.4 Excellent 360 Saint Antoine Street Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is situated in Montreal and features a saltwater swimming pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness room. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal 7.6 Good 208 Saint Antoine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from Bank of Montreal and Place d'Armes. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Saint Francois Xavier Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 888 Rue Saint-Francois Xavier, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, Saint Francois Xavier Serviced Apartments by Hometrotting offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is moments from Bank of Montreal and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 744 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Gault 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 445 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 8.9Couples 8.8Families 9.1Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Gault All photos (50) Bedroom (20) Restaurant (5) Other (5) Building (4) Where is Hotel Gault Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.4 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.6 km Place Bonaventure0.6 km Place Ville-Marie0.8 km Christ Church Cathedral0.9 km Centre Bell1.0 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.6 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.7 km Montreal Bus1.7 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.8 km Montreal Kirkland23.8 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Gault How close is Hotel Gault to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 15.6 km drive between Hotel Gault and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Hotel Gault? Hotel Gault has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hotel Gault considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Hotel Gault are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Hotel Gault from the Montreal city center? Hotel Gault is 0.3 km away from the center of Cité Multimédia, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Gault by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Gault phone number? You can reach the front desk of Hotel Gault at +1 514 904 1616. Does Hotel Gault have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Gault has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Gault? Yes, Hotel Gault has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hotel Gault? Hotel Gault check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Gault, Montreal? Hotel Gault room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 344/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 204/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Gault? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Gault, Montreal. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hotel Gault have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Gault, Montreal. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hotel Gault from Vieux-Port de Montréal? The popular Vieux-Port de Montréal is just over 0.6 km from Hotel Gault. Is Hotel Gault close to Centre Bell? Walking distance - there’s 1 km between Centre Bell and Hotel Gault. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Gault Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
