https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_BLU_Vancouver.htm
Hotel Blu Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Hotel Blu Vancouver Hotel Blu Vancouver Hotel 177 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,552 reviews 8.9 C$ 240 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Blu Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Blu Vancouver Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. Hotel BLU Vancouver has a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 620 6200 All policies Amenities at Hotel Blu Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Adapter Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Blu Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Hotel Blu Vancouver Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown 8.2 Excellent 111 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton- Downtown Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing areas. This award-winning hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 200 Avg. per night View Deals Georgian Court Hotel, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 773 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Georgian Court Hotel BW Premier Collection offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to BC Place Stadium. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Rosedale On Robson Suite Hotel 8.3 Excellent 838 Hamilton Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Rosedale on Robson Suite Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Rogers Arena and Holy Rosary Cathedral. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Hotel Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 733 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located, YWCA Hotel Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This charming hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Blu Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 1,552 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.8Solo 8.9Couples 8.8Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date J 9.5 Excellent Jason, May 2018 great location and friendly staff. Photos of Hotel Blu Vancouver All photos (46) Bedroom (6) Restaurant (5) Other (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Hotel Blu Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks BC Place Stadium0.3 km Rogers Arena0.5 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km TELUS World of Science1.0 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.0 km Waterfront Centre1.0 km Getting Around Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.1 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.8 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.9 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.3 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.3 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Blu Vancouver Is pricing at Hotel Blu Vancouver comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? In Vancouver, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 225. The expected nightly rate for Hotel Blu Vancouver is around C$ 255; a price that is 16% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hotel Blu Vancouver to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Vancouver. How close is Hotel Blu Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Hotel Blu Vancouver is 1.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Hotel Blu Vancouver? Hotel Blu Vancouver has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Blu Vancouver guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Hotel Blu Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Hotel Blu Vancouver. Is there a pool at Hotel Blu Vancouver? Yes, Hotel Blu Vancouver has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Blu Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Hotel Blu Vancouver is 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Blu Vancouver by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Blu Vancouver phone number? For questions about Hotel Blu Vancouver and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 620 6200. Does Hotel Blu Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Blu Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Blu Vancouver? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hotel Blu Vancouver. What is the check-out time at Hotel Blu Vancouver? The standard check-out time at Hotel Blu Vancouver is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Blu Vancouver, Vancouver? Hotel Blu Vancouver room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 255/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 80/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Blu Vancouver? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Blu Vancouver, Vancouver. Does Hotel Blu Vancouver have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hotel Blu Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at Hotel Blu Vancouver - you’ll be about 1 km away. Is Hotel Blu Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? 0.5 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Blu Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Hotel Blu Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
