https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tripdealo.hoteldiscounts.app
Hotels Discountly・Book Hotels - Apps on Google Play google_logo Play Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids none search help_outline Sign in with Google play_appsLibrary & devices paymentPayments & subscriptions reviewsMy Play activity redeemOffers settingsSettings Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids Hotels Discountly・Book Hotels Cheap Hotel Booking・Flights & Cars by Discountly 4.0star 21.9K reviews 500K+ Downloads Everyone info Install Add to wishlist About this app arrow_forward Hotel discounts app helps you reserve rooms at the best and cheap price online on hotel booking, and it should always be the lowest price. We deliver you the discounts and offers available worldwide for your stay. Our Hotel booking app compares prices among world-leading travel apps. So you can ensure the best and cheapest hotels reservation deals online. Also, find last-minute travel booking offers here. Our reservation system includes BnB, resorts, motels, and much more. Additionally, we have a big list of honeymoon resorts and vacation rentals for worldwide travelers. Guaranteed lowest price on last minute hotel booking. Here we focused to make your travel comfortable and budget-friendly online booking. Our app contains the best hotel deals in every travel category. Plan your next vacay with us. How we differ from others:- - We have placed more than 2 million hotels worldwide in our booking app. - Our system compares various online travel apps so that you can save your money as well as time. - We support 20+ languages and 30+ currencies globally. - Genuine and individual customer reviews for every hotel you looking for. - The interactive map option to find and book your stay in a single click. - Hotels near you opt for one-click booking. - Extended stay hotels and motels offer. - Best deals on weekly hotel booking. - Get the best vacation packages. - You can make the booking without even sign-in. - Exclusive last minute hotel reservation offers. Feel free to contact us with any travel-related queries. Our team is always happy to help you. Updated on Oct 6, 2022 Travel & Local Data safety arrow_forward Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time. No data shared with third parties Learn more about how developers declare sharing This app may collect these data types Location, App info and performance, and Device or other IDs Data isn’t encrypted You can request that data be deleted See details Ratings and reviews Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline arrow_forward Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline 4.0 21.9K reviews 5 4 3 2 1 Kogisha Rr more_vert Flag inappropriate April 21, 2022 Very helpful with finding a hotel; details, location, accommodation, price. Everything you need to know about parking and breakfast if they are included in the cost or an extra. Your consideration is easily saved or take a screenshot if you're unsure. I like points so for me this is a great app and way to make my travel arrangements. I had no problems whatsoever with the two hotels I booked in advance at fantastic prices. Thank you. Did you find this helpful? Yes No How Tell me more_vert Flag inappropriate November 12, 2022 I used this app. Great experience, if someone looking for a decent travel app you should consider this definitely. I am totally satisfied. Everything you need from a travel app is right there, on the first screen. Fast, accessible, simple, and effective. A minimalist interface, one that offers solutions as soon as the users turn the app on, is essential for a good travel app. I book lot of hotels in that app. Thanks for making such nice app. 6 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No Mara Okewu more_vert Flag inappropriate November 14, 2022 This app is a complete package. This app is so exceptional. So far best booking app I've come across. It is Super fast in terms of internet connection, it is easy to use,all you need so is search and there you have it, lots of feedback at your fingertips. This app is also straight forward, it gives the right and accurate results . As the name implies cheap hotel booking,you get to choose a hotel and a room of course based on your budget.This is comfort away from home. A trial will convince you. 4 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No See all reviews What's new Hello world! Time for another update. In the latest version you'll find various performance improvement and more features. Bug fixes. flagFlag as inappropriate Developer contact expand_more email Email hello@hoteldisc.com verified_user Privacy policy https://telegra.ph/Privacy-Policy-07-02-15 Similar apps arrow_forward Last Minute Hotel Booking App Last minute hotels trivago: Compare hotel prices trivago 4.5star Cheap hotel deals — Hotellook Go Travel Un Limited 4.2star ebookers Hotels & Flights ebookers 3.6star Last Minute Hotel Booking Hotels, Flights & Cars Booking by Traveldealo 4.2star Super - Travel, Shop, & Earn SnapTravel 3.9star More by Cheap Hotel Booking・Flights & Cars by Discountly arrow_forward Cheap Flights Ticket Booking Cheap Hotel Booking・Flights & Cars by Discountly Rental Cars App Cheap Hotel Booking・Flights & Cars by Discountly flagFlag as inappropriate Google Play Play Pass Play Points Gift cards Redeem Refund policy Kids & family Parent Guide Family sharing Terms of Service Privacy About Google Play Developers Google Store Canada (English (United States))
