https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Bonaventure_Montreal.htm
Hotel Bonaventure Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Hotel 900 Rue De La Gauchetiere West, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 3,403 reviews 8.1 C$ 206 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Centrally located, Hotel Bonaventure Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. The multiple amenities this elegant hotel has to offer include an outdoor heat... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 878 2332 All policies Amenities at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Outdoor pool Alarm clock Allergy-free room No smoking Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Beauty salon Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 387 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 518 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain 8.8 Excellent 1050 de la Gauchetiere West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain offers easy access to Montreal's popular sightseeing areas. It also features a heated pool, a sauna and a bowling alley. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth 7.9 Good 900 Boulevard Rene Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth offers easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 276 Avg. per night View Deals Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1201 Boulevard Rene-Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Centre Sheraton Montreal Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main tourist and retail hot spots. The multiple amenities this modern hotel features include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1250 Boulevard Robert-Bourassa, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is close to Montreal's Underground City. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Bonaventure Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 3,396 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 7.9Solo 8.1Friends 8.1Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Bonaventure Montreal All photos (55) Lobby (8) Pool (8) Bedroom (7) Outdoors view (7) Where is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Place Bonaventure0.1 km Place Ville-Marie0.3 km Centre Bell0.4 km Eaton Centre0.6 km Christ Church Cathedral0.6 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal1.0 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.1 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.3 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.8 km Montreal Bus1.9 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.2 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.2 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Is pricing at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal comparable to 4 star hotels in Montreal? Nightly rates at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal will generally be 42% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Montreal. When staying at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 236/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Montreal for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 14.9 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Hotel Bonaventure Montreal. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Hotel Bonaventure Montreal? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal considered pet-friendly? Hotel Bonaventure Montreal is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal. Is there a pool at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal? Yes, Hotel Bonaventure Montreal has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal from the Montreal city center? Hotel Bonaventure Montreal is just 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Montreal. From Hotel Bonaventure Montreal you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Hotel Bonaventure Montreal phone number? For questions about Hotel Bonaventure Montreal and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 514 878 2332. Does Hotel Bonaventure Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Bonaventure Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel Bonaventure Montreal. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal, Montreal? On average, guests have been paying C$ 236 per night to stay at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 117 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hotel Bonaventure Montreal for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hotel Bonaventure Montreal have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at Hotel Bonaventure Montreal - you’ll be about 1.3 km away. Is Hotel Bonaventure Montreal close to Centre Bell? Hotel Bonaventure Montreal is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
