https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Rijksmuseum.htm
Hotels near Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam - Amazing Deals on 590 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam Search and compare hotels near Rijksmuseum from hundreds of travel sites and save Rijksmuseum - Amsterdam, Netherlands 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Rijksmuseum - Amsterdam, Netherlands Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Museumkwartier Hotels Rijksmuseum Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Rijksmuseum Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hotel Continental Amsterdam 6.0 Good Damrak 40-41, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 1,870 reviews 6.0 Conveniently located, Continental Centre Hotel offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is situated a short walk from De Wallen and Royal Palace at Dam Square. View Deals Trianon Hotel 6.7 Good 3 J.W. Brouwersstraat, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 1,416 reviews 6.7 Budget Trianon Hotel provides a cosy setting when in Amsterdam. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. View Deals Di-Ann City Centre Hotel 5.8 Okay Raadhuisstraat 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands OkayBased on 2,234 reviews 5.8 Situated in the city centre, Hotel DiAnn offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short stroll from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides cosy rooms equipped with a refrigerator, wireless internet access and a private bathroom. View Deals Hotel CC 8.0 Excellent Warmoesstraat 42, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 3,923 reviews 8.0 Situated in the city centre, Hotel CC offers easy access to Amsterdam's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Golden Mansion Apartments 7.5 Good Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 974 reviews 7.5 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Amsterdam. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. View Deals Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands OkayBased on 900 reviews 5.3 Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Leonardo Boutique Museumhotel 7.8 Good Pieter Cornelisz. Hooftstraat 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 2,547 reviews 7.8 Leonardo Boutique Museumhotel is situated in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of local attractions, including the Musee Municipal d'Art Moderne Stedelijk Museum, Theater Bellevue and the Van Gogh Museum. Only a short stroll from the Rijksmuseum, it offers stylish rooms equipped with a mini bar, free wireless internet access and a private bathroom. View Deals Hotel Amsterdam De Roode Leeuw 7.9 Good Damrak 93-94, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 1,787 reviews 7.9 Only two minutes from Dam Square, Hotel Amsterdam De Roode Leeuw is located in the heart of Amsterdam. It is close to Royal Palace at Dam Square, dining options and shops. View Deals All 590 hotels near Rijksmuseum Top Rated hotels near Rijksmuseum Show all 590 hotels 1 De L'Europe Amsterdam 9.0 Excellent Nieuwe Doelenstraat 2-14, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands De L'Europe Amsterdam The Leading Hotels of the World is situated in the centre of Amsterdam and has a butler service. Some of the features on offer at this luxury 5-star hotel are an indoor pool, a Turkish steam bath and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 2 Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. View Deals 3 Amsterdam Hostel Centre 8.0 Excellent Leidsekruisstraat 13, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, Amsterdam Hostel Centre allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best hot spots. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. View Deals 4 Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam 9.6 Excellent Herengracht 542-556, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally located, Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam offers easy access to Amsterdam's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. View Deals 5 Luxury Suites Amsterdam 9.0 Excellent Oudeschans 75, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally situated, Luxury Suites Amsterdam - Member of Warwick Hotels allows for easy access to Amsterdam's popular hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. View Deals 6 Hotel Twentyseven 9.7 Excellent Dam 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel TwentySeven - Small Luxury Hotels of the World Amsterdam offers easy access to Amsterdam's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It has complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to Dam Square. View Deals 7 INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery 8.7 Excellent Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 67, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently positioned, INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing areas. Only a short walk from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides modern rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a mini bar and slippers. View Deals 8 Hotel Jl No76 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Featuring a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi, Hotel JL No76 is situated in Amsterdam and is a five-minute stroll from the Musee Municipal d'Art Moderne Stedelijk Museum. It is moments from the Van Gogh Museum and is close to the area's popular attractions and dining spots. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam Show all 590 hotels Hostel Cosmos Amsterdam 6.3 Good Frans Van Mierisstraat 69A, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Hostel Cosmos Amsterdam is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Musee Municipal d'Art Moderne Stedelijk Museum and the Van Gogh Museum. It is moments from the Concertgebouw, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Annemarie 4.7 Okay Jan Willem Brouwerstraat 14, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Annemarie is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as the Van Gogh Museum. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and luggage storage. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Leidseplein 5.4 Okay Korte Leidsewarsstraat 79, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally situated, Leidseplein Hostel allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best sightseeing areas. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Hans Brinker Hostel Amsterdam 7.9 Good Kerkstraat 136-138, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Featuring an on-site bar, this central Amsterdam hostel is situated just a short walk from the Rijksmuseum and Theater Bellevue. It offers free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Uptown 5.4 Okay Korte Leidsedwarsstraat 147, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally positioned, Amsterdam Hostel Uptown offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing areas. It provides free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Orfeo 5.1 Okay Leidsekruisstraat 12-14, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently positioned, Amsterdam Hostel Orfeo allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Tulip Hotel 6.2 Good Damrak 31-32, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in the heart of the city, Orange Tulip Hotel provides easy access to Amsterdam's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief stroll from De Wallen, Royal Palace at Dam Square and Dam Square. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Rijksmuseum 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Budget Hotel Tourist Inn Spuistraat 52, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.6 C$ 45 View Deal #2 Most popular Hostel Centraal Plantage Kerklaan 19, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands C$ 233 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Rho Hotel Nes 5-23, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.8 C$ 187 View Deal #2 Most popular The Times Hotel Herengracht 137, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.3 C$ 187 View Deal Best value Hotel Van Gogh Van de Veldestraat 5, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.2 C$ 100 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Swissôtel Amsterdam Damrak 96, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.6 C$ 202 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Mercier Rozenstraat 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.4 C$ 209 View Deal Best value NH Amsterdam Museum Quarter Hobbemakade 50, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.9 C$ 179 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Rijksmuseum Hotels in popular Rijksmuseum neighbourhoods Jordaan, Amsterdam hotels Oude Pijp, Amsterdam hotels Kolenkit District, Amsterdam hotels Zeeburg, Amsterdam hotels De Weteringschans, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Noord, Amsterdam hotels Centrum, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam Nieuw-West, Amsterdam hotels Westpoort, Amsterdam hotels Hotels in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam hotels Utrecht hotels Rotterdam hotels Zaandam hotels Haarlem hotels Badhoevedorp hotels Schiphol hotels Holten hotels Arnhem hotels The Hague hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam vacation rentals Utrecht vacation rentals Rotterdam vacation rentals Haarlem vacation rentals Holten vacation rentals Arnhem vacation rentals The Hague vacation rentals Maastricht vacation rentals Zandvoort vacation rentals Alkmaar vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Rijksmuseum landmarks Universiteit van Amsterdam Amsterdam Old Town Ziggo Dome Olympisch Stadion AFAS Live De 9 Straatjes Amsterdam RAI Warmoesstraat Hotels near popular Rijksmuseum airports Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Eindhoven Airport Rotterdam The Hague Airport Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular the Netherlands regions North Holland Utrecht Zuid-Holland Limburg Noord-Brabant Friesland Groningen Drenthe Gelderland Zeeland About Rijksmuseum Rijksmuseum is one of the most beautiful museums in the Netherlands, boasting stunning Gothic and Renaissance architecture. Dedicated to the history and art of Amsterdam, the museum has an impressive collection of over one million artifacts, including paintings and sculptures dating back 800 years. Wander along the Gallery of Honour, an exquisite hall lined with masterpieces from the 17th century. It leads to the highlight of the Rijksmuseum, the Night Watch Gallery showcasing Rembrandt’s iconic civic guard portrait. To see a rich collection of sculptures, pottery, and jewelry from China, Japan, and India, explore the Asian Pavillion. Before you leave, stroll around the peaceful Rijksmuseum Gardens filled with perfectly manicured herbaceous borders, colorful tulips, bronze sculptures, and water fountains. There are plenty of chairs and stretches of lawn to sit back and appreciate the museum’s architecture. Getting there Located in the heart of Museum Square, Rijksmuseum is easy to reach by bus, train or taxi. It’s a 10-minute train ride from Amsterdam Centraal Station and just 20 minutes from Nieuwmarkt Metro Station. With many pedestrianized and cycle-friendly streets, the museum is also easy to reach on foot or by bike. Facts about staying in Rijksmuseum What are the best hotels near Rijksmuseum? Rijksmuseum is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is NH Collection Amsterdam Flower Market, which has a current rating of 8.5. For other potential stays, consider The Social Hub Amsterdam City and Hotel Van Gogh, which can also be great places to stay near Rijksmuseum. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Museumkwartier Hotels Rijksmuseum Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
