https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Mystays_Premier_Hamamatsucho.htm
Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Hotel 1-8-5 Hamamatsucho, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,002 reviews 8.2 C$ 120 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho provides modern 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It has a fitness centre, as well as massage services, free Wi-Fi and valet parking. After a day of exploring ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.7 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 12.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 334 322 726 All policies Amenities at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Slippers Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Massage Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Hotel Mystays Hamamatsucho 8.0 Excellent 1-18-14, Hamamatsucho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel MyStays Hamamatsucho is located in Central Tokyo, a quick walk from World Trade Center. It is also within a 20-minute walk of Nippon Television and won TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice Award - Top 25 Bargain Hotels in Japan 2013. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Shiba Park Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1-5-10 Shiba Koen, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Shiba Park Hotel provides elegant accommodation in Tokyo and is a few minutes on foot from Hamamatsucho Railway Station. The various amenities this cosy hotel offers include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome 8.4 Excellent 1-9-2 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located just a short walk from Nippon Television, Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo 8.8 Excellent 1-6-3 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Central Tokyo, The Royal Park Hotel Tokyo Shiodome is a few minutes walk to Shiodome and is moments from Nippon Television. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,004 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.2Solo 8.4Friends 8.2Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho All photos (22) Bedroom (6) Building (3) Buffet (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Most Popular Landmarks Ginza Mitsukoshi1.6 km Roppongi Hills2.5 km Toyosu Market2.8 km Akihabara Electric Town4.6 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden5.1 km Tokyo Dome5.2 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.1 km Tokyo2.6 km Tokyo2.6 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube3.3 km Tokyo Shinagawa3.8 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal6.0 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Is pricing at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho is 54% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho is typically C$ 181, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 12.5 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho. The average expected drive time from Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho? For the most freedom while visiting Tokyo, consider renting a car for about C$ 95/day and parking it at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho is 1.1 km away from the center of Minato, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +81 334 322 726 to talk to a Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho front desk representative. Does Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho, Tokyo? C$ 75 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho, with average deals around C$ 181 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho, Tokyo. Does Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho have a laundry service? Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho from Akasaka Sacas? You can walk to Akasaka Sacas while staying at Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho - you’ll be about 2.4 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
