https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Casa_Fuster_Hotel.htm
Hotel Casa Fuster, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel Casa Fuster Hotel Casa Fuster Hotel Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 968 reviews 8.8 C$ 273 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Casa Fuster Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Casa Fuster Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 12.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 932 553 000 All policies Amenities at Hotel Casa Fuster Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Baby safety gates Solarium Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Casa Fuster Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Hotel Casa Fuster Casa Gracia 7.8 Good Passeig de Gracia, 116 Bis, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Gracia, Casa Gracia Barcelona Hostel is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Passeig de Gracia, Casa Lleo Morera and the Casa Batllo. The multiple amenities this modern hostel has to offer include bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Balmoral 8.3 Excellent Via Augusta 5, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Barcelona, Hotel Balmoral provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Avinguda Diagonal. It has a spa, as well as meeting rooms, a coffee bar and a sauna. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Bcnsporthostels 6.3 Good Carrer Perill, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Barcelona hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Diagonal Metro Station. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Generator Barcelona 7.8 Good Carrer de Corsega, 377, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Generator Barcelona provides stylish accommodation in Barcelona and is a short walk from Diagonal Metro Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Casa Fuster 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 968 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.6Friends 8.6Solo 8.9Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Casa Fuster All photos (52) Bathroom (7) Restaurant (6) Bedroom (5) Building (5) Where is Hotel Casa Fuster Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.7 km Sagrada Familia1.5 km Parc Güell1.9 km La Rambla2.1 km Cathedral of Barcelona2.2 km Parc de Joan Miró2.4 km Getting Around Barcelona Diagonal0.3 km Barcelona Gràcia Fgc0.5 km Barcelona Barcelona Aribau-Còrsega0.7 km Barcelona El Putxet i el Farró0.7 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.9 km Barcelona Lesseps1.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Casa Fuster Is pricing at Hotel Casa Fuster comparable to 5 star hotels in Barcelona? The average rate for a night at Hotel Casa Fuster is 43% less than the Barcelona average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Hotel Casa Fuster is typically C$ 324, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Barcelona. How close is Hotel Casa Fuster to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At just 12.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to Hotel Casa Fuster is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hotel Casa Fuster? Getting from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hotel Casa Fuster can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 15/day in Barcelona. Luckily, Hotel Casa Fuster has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hotel Casa Fuster? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. Hotel Casa Fuster has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hotel Casa Fuster from the Barcelona city center? Hotel Casa Fuster is just 0.8 km away from the center of Gracia, Barcelona. From Hotel Casa Fuster you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Hotel Casa Fuster phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel Casa Fuster please call +34 932 553 000. Does Hotel Casa Fuster have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Casa Fuster has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Casa Fuster? Yes. You should consider staying at Hotel Casa Fuster if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Hotel Casa Fuster? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Hotel Casa Fuster. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Casa Fuster, Barcelona? A good deal at Hotel Casa Fuster right now is between C$ 217 and C$ 324 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Casa Fuster? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hotel Casa Fuster, Barcelona. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hotel Casa Fuster have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel Casa Fuster. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hotel Casa Fuster from Placa d'Espanya? Placa d'Espanya in Barcelona is 2.7 km away from Hotel Casa Fuster. Is Hotel Casa Fuster close to Passeig de Gracia? 0.7 km - making Passeig de Gracia a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Casa Fuster. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel Casa Fuster Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
