https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Portuense.htm
Hotel Portuense, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Portuense Hotel Portuense Hotel Rua das Portas de Santo Antão, 149-157, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,325 reviews 8.6 C$ 118 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Portuense Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Portuense Featuring impressive views of Lisbon, this comfortable hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a wireless internet connection is included free of char... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 6.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 464 197 All policies Amenities at Hotel Portuense Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Cleaning products Continental breakfast Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Portuense Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Portuense Residencial Florescente 8.7 Excellent Rua Portas de Santo Antão 99, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Residencial Florescente is just a five-minute stroll from Rossio Railway Station. This 3-star hotel is close to everything Lisbon has to offer. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals BessaHotel Liberdade 9.1 Excellent Avenida da Liberdade, 29, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located amongst popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, BessaHotel Liberdade is ideal for guests wishing to explore Lisbon and its surroundings. It has a day spa, as well as a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Eden Aparthotel 7.8 Good Praça Dos Restauradores, 24, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel VIP Executive Eden Aparthotel provides modern 4-star accommodation in Lisbon. It is close to Rossio Square, eateries and shops. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Gat Rossio 8.5 Excellent Rua Do Jardim Do Regedor 27-35, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Lisbon and is a few minutes on foot from Rossio Railway Station. It is close to Rossio Square, dining options and shops. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Portuense 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,325 verified guest reviews 8.7Families 8.6Friends 8.6Couples 8.6Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Portuense All photos (60) Bedroom (34) Bathroom (10) Room amenity (5) Restaurant (3) Where is Hotel Portuense Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.6 km Elevador de Santa Justa0.6 km Castelo de São Jorge0.7 km Chiado Museum0.8 km Sé de Lisboa1.1 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.5 km Getting Around Lisbon Restauradores0.2 km Lisbon Rossio0.3 km Lisbon Avenida0.5 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.6 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias0.7 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio1.0 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Portuense How close is Hotel Portuense to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At 6.6 km away, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Portuense. The average expected drive time from Hotel Portuense to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is 0h 05m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Portuense? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Hotel Portuense where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Hotel Portuense from the Lisbon city center? The center of Bairro Alto, Lisbon, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Hotel Portuense. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Hotel Portuense using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Portuense phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Portuense is by calling +351 213 464 197. Does Hotel Portuense have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Portuense has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Portuense? The standard check-out time at Hotel Portuense is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Portuense, Lisbon? A good deal at Hotel Portuense right now is between C$ 91 and C$ 165 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Hotel Portuense have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hotel Portuense that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Hotel Portuense from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Hotel Portuense - you’ll be about 1.1 km away. Is Hotel Portuense close to Chiado Museum? The distance from Hotel Portuense to Chiado Museum is 0.8 km. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Portuense Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
