https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Rossio_Square.htm
Hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV, Lisbon - Amazing Deals on 4,783 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV, Lisbon Search and compare hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV from hundreds of travel sites and save Praça de D. Pedro IV - Lisbon, Portugal 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Praça de D. Pedro IV - Lisbon, Portugal Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Praça de D. Pedro IV Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hf Fenix Lisboa 8.2 Excellent Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,762 reviews 8.2 Located near local attractions, HF Fenix Lisboa showcases views of Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Marques of Pombal Metro Station. View Deals Botânico Hotel 8.6 Excellent Rua Mae De Agua, 16 20, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,476 reviews 8.6 Situated a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Botanico Lisbon offers guests a convenient base when visiting Lisbon. It is located just a short stroll from many popular bars, clubs and restaurants. View Deals Hotel Mundial 8.4 Excellent Praça Martim Moniz, 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 8,217 reviews 8.4 Situated just a five-minute walk from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Mundial Lisbon provides guests with an ideal base when in Lisbon. It has free wireless internet access and features a roof terrace with panoramic city views. View Deals Hf Fenix Music 8.7 Excellent Rua Joaquim António de Aguiar, 5, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,263 reviews 8.7 Situated amongst well-known attractions, boutiques and eateries, HF Fenix Music is ideal for guests wanting to discover Lisbon and its surroundings. The multiple facilities this themed hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and room service. View Deals Hf Fenix Garden 8.6 Excellent Rua Joaquim Antonio de Aguiar, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,042 reviews 8.6 HF Fenix Garden is located amongst Lisbon's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short walk from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu 9.0 Excellent Rua Dom Duarte, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,873 reviews 9.0 Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station. It is close to Rossio Square, shops and nightlife options. View Deals BessaHotel Liberdade 9.1 Excellent Avenida da Liberdade, 29, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,150 reviews 9.1 Located amongst popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, BessaHotel Liberdade is ideal for guests wishing to explore Lisbon and its surroundings. It has a day spa, as well as a Turkish steam bath, a sauna and a heated pool. View Deals Hotel 3K Madrid 7.4 Good Rua Conde De Redondo, 24, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal GoodBased on 2,283 reviews 7.4 Boasting a rooftop pool, Hotel 3K Madrid is situated in Lisbon and provides modern accommodation. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. View Deals All 4,783 hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV Top Rated hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV Show all 4,783 hotels 1 Lisbon Style 8.4 Excellent Avenida Almirante Reis, 55, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located close to Rossio Railway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Lisbon and its surrounds. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. View Deals 2 Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. View Deals 3 Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. View Deals 4 Inspira Liberdade Boutique Hotel 8.7 Excellent Rua De Santa Marta 48, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in Lisbon, Inspira Santa Marta Hotel & Spa is a five-minute walk from Liberty Avenue and offers a Jacuzzi, a Turkish steam bath and a sauna. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals 5 Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. View Deals 6 Hall Chiado 8.7 Excellent Rua Alecrim 45, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hall Chiado provides a comfortable setting while in Lisbon. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Cais do Sodre Railway Station. View Deals 7 Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. View Deals 8 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. View Deals Cheapest hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV, Lisbon Show all 4,783 hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Heart Apartments Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station, Lisbon Heart Apartments is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Myroom Lisboa Rua Nova da Trindade, 22, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated in the city centre, MyRoom Lisboa offers easy access to Lisbon's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Excelsior 6.7 Good Rua Rodrigues Sampaio, 172, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Excelsior Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Avenida Park 7.1 Good Av. Sidónio Pais, 6, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated in Lisbon, Hotel Avenida Park is a short walk from Eduardo VII Park and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel 4U Rua Da Madalena,96, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located within a 10-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station, Hostel 4U is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It is close to Lisbon Cathedral, restaurants and shops. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Praça de D. Pedro IV 3 stars #1 Most popular Botânico Hotel Rua Mae De Agua, 16 20, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.6 C$ 90 View Deal #2 Most popular Hf Fenix Music Rua Joaquim António de Aguiar, 5, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.7 C$ 103 View Deal Best value Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal C$ 12 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Hotel Mundial Praça Martim Moniz, 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.4 C$ 132 View Deal #2 Most popular Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu Rua Dom Duarte, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 9.0 C$ 153 View Deal Best value Hf Fenix Lisboa Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal 8.2 C$ 99 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Praça de D. Pedro IV Hotels in popular Praça de D. Pedro IV neighbourhoods Benfica, Lisbon hotels São Domingos de Benfica, Lisbon hotels Olivais, Lisbon hotels Arroios, Lisbon hotels Alvalade, Lisbon hotels Campo Grande, Lisbon hotels Avenidas Novas, Lisbon hotels Santos-o-Velho, Lisbon hotels Parque das Nações, Lisbon hotels Alcântara, Lisbon hotels Show more Hotels in popular Portugal regions Lisbon District Faro Azores Porto Madeira Setubal Leiria Santarem Coimbra Aveiro Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Portugal cities Lisbon hotels Ponta Delgada hotels Porto hotels Funchal hotels Faro hotels Albufeira hotels Lagos hotels Portimão hotels Setúbal hotels Tomar hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular Portugal cities Lisbon vacation rentals Ponta Delgada vacation rentals Porto vacation rentals Funchal vacation rentals Faro vacation rentals Albufeira vacation rentals Lagos vacation rentals Portimão vacation rentals Setúbal vacation rentals Tomar vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular Praça de D. Pedro IV airports Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport Hotels near popular Praça de D. Pedro IV landmarks Lisbon City Hall Chiado Edward VII Park Lisbon Oriente Station Praça de Touros do Campo Pequeno Cidade Baixa About Praça de D. Pedro IV Rossio Square in central Lisbon is also known as Praça de Dom Pedro IV. This bustling square is a meeting point for locals in the Pombaline downtown district of Lisbon. Rossio Square has been one of the main city squares since the Middle Ages, providing a spacious setting for celebrations, revolts and executions. Today, it is home to striking monuments, ornate fountains and a variety of shops and restaurants. Rossio is a wonderful place in which to meet friends, enjoy a coffee and watch the world go by.Some of the cafes and shops in the square date back to the 18th century, allowing visitors to imagine life during those times. To the north, visitors can see the neo-classical building of Maria II Theatre and the public gardens. These were both frequented by high society and local gentry in centuries past. While walking around the square, discover the bronze fountains, the Column of Pedro IV and typical Portuguese mosaics. The mosaic designs can also be seen in former Portuguese colonies and cities, including Rio de Janeiro and Macao. There are two baroque fountains at either side of the square. Each consists of a pedestal with sculptures representing allegories of Justice, Strength, Moderation and Wisdom. Nearby, travellers will be able to pick up local souvenirs on the city’s main shopping street, Rua Augusta. A short walk away is Santa Justa Elevator. This landmark elevator transports visitors to the top of Lisbon city. The views from the summit are spectacular, offering vistas to the river, bridges and over the lower quarter of the city. Getting to Rossio Square couldn’t be easier. Rossio metro station is located on the edge of the square, and there are several public bus stops. Rossio train station is a few minutes’ walk away, from here visitors can be transported to outlying areas and other Portuguese towns and cities. Taxis and Uber are also available. Rossio was a word used to mean “commons” or “common terrain”. In the 1400s the city’s population began to expand, the Estaus Palace was constructed on the north side of the square for visiting nobility. In 1504, the construction of the city’s most important hospitals was built on the eastern side in the Manueline architectural design. Today, Rossio Square is lined with charming old world cafes, modern restaurants and architecture harking back to the Age of Discovery. Facts about staying in Praça de D. Pedro IV What are the best hotels near Praça de D. Pedro IV? Praça de D. Pedro IV is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Sofitel Lisbon Liberdade, which has a current rating of 8.5. For other potential stays, consider Altis Grand Hotel and Casas de São Bento, which can also be great places to stay near Praça de D. Pedro IV. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Praça de D. Pedro IV Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
