https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_PUR_Quebec_A_Tribute_Portfolio_Hotel.htm
Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 638 reviews 8.1 C$ 191 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Situated in Quebec City, Hotel PUR Quebec A Tribute Portfolio Hotel is a short drive from the National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec and provides private parking on site. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 12.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 647 2611 All policies Amenities at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Kid-friendly Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Indoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pool table Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Explore Canada's oldest city from the comfort of Delta Hotels Québec. Belonging to Québec City's downtown core, our contemporary family hotel is a short walk to Old Québec (Vieux-Québec) where historic monuments still stand. Visit Battlefields Park, Civilisation Museum and National Museum of Fine Arts along with local crêperies and wine bars. Our city centre location also places you next door to Québec City Convention Centre and the business district. During your stay, sit down to flavourful meals at our newly renovated Le Bistro, get active at our fitness centre and swim all year round at our outdoor heated pool. Host any event, from small gatherings to 600-person galas, at our 14 light-filled venues. Whatever brings you to Québec, spend your trip in a spacious room or suite filled with modern décor, soft beds, a mini-fridge, free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV with premium cable. Delta Hotels Québec welcomes business travelers and groups to our warm haven in La Belle Province. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Best Western Plus City Centre/Centre-Ville 7.7 Good 330, De La Couronne Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Best Western Plus Centre-ville/City Centre Quebec is situated in Quebec City and is close to Port of Quebec. It offers private parking on site and is conveniently positioned for sightseeing, with the La Citadelle de Quebec, Parliament Building and the Musee de la civilisation an easy drive away. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Palace Royal 7.8 Good 775 Honoré-Mercier Avenue, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Hotel Palace Royal allows for easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge St-Louis 7.1 Good 48, Rue Saint-Louis, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently situated, Auberge St-Louis allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. It provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Motel Jann 5.1 Okay 3210 boulevard Wilfrid-Hamel, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Motel Jann is located in Quebec City and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides laundry facilities, luggage storage and a vending machine. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 638 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 8.3Couples 8.3Friends 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel All photos (36) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (5) Conference room (5) Restaurant (4) Where is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Church of St. Roch0.1 km Plains of Abraham1.2 km Quartier Petit Champlain1.6 km Dufferin Terrace1.6 km Cartier-Brebeuf National Historic Site1.6 km Place Royale1.7 km Getting Around Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne0.1 km Québec City St-Augustin0.6 km Québec City Gare du Palais0.9 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.1 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.5 km Québec City Camp Mercier46.9 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Is pricing at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? Hotels in Québec City that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 204/night, but on average, Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel is available for 29% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel for C$ 196/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Québec City. How close is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 12.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel. Is there a pool at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel? Yes, Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel from the Québec City city center? Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel is 0.2 km away from the center of Saint-Roch, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel please call +1 418 647 2611. Does Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel, Québec City? Prices at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 196, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 142. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel? Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel, Québec City. How far is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel from Place Royale? Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel is a good place to stay to see Place Royale. It’s 1.7 km away. Is Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel close to Dufferin Terrace? 1.6 km - making Dufferin Terrace a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
