https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Mystays_Haneda.htm
Hotel Mystays Haneda, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Haneda Hotel Mystays Haneda Hotel 5-1-13, Haneda, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,317 reviews 8.2 C$ 84 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Mystays Haneda Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Mystays Haneda Providing a shuttle to Haneda Airport, as well as free wireless internet, Hotel Mystays Haneda is a convenient base in Tokyo. It provides 3.5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. Th... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 3.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 368 635 539 All policies Amenities at Hotel Mystays Haneda Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Family rooms Linens Safety deposit box Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heating Shower Kitchen/Kitchenette Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Library Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Mystays Haneda Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Hotel Mystays Haneda The Royal Park Hotel Tokyo Haneda 8.4 Excellent 2-6-5 Haneda International Airport, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Situated in Tokyo, The Royal Park Hotel Tokyo Haneda has direct access to Haneda Airport and offers free Wi-Fi. The hotel is also conveniently located within a five-minute walk of Haneda Airport International Terminal Train Station. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Nikko Tokyo Daiba 8.8 Excellent 2-6-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 8.5 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Grand Nikko Tokyo Daiba is just a five-minute stroll from Daiba Train Station. This modern hotel is situated in Central Tokyo. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 8.6 km from current hotel Featuring a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, the hotel is situated in Tokyo and presents views of Tokyo Bay. A limousine service and an indoor pool are just some of the luxurious amenities on offer to guests during their stay. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Shinagawa Prince Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4-10-30 Takanawa Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 8.6 km from current hotel Featuring a range of deluxe amenities like a private movie theatre, an aquarium and a bowling alley, Shinagawa Prince Hotel is located in Central Tokyo. Views of Tokyo can be seen from the hotel's complex, which conveniently offers an atm/cash machine, a shopping mall and a gift shop. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Mystays Haneda 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,317 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.1Friends 8.1Couples 8.0Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Mystays Haneda All photos (45) Bedroom (12) Other (6) Bathroom (4) Gym (4) Where is Hotel Mystays Haneda Most Popular Landmarks Toyosu Market10.6 km Roppongi Hills12.7 km Ginza Mitsukoshi13.4 km Yoyogi Koen14.3 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden15.3 km Akihabara Electric Town16.5 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit14.0 km Tokyo14.4 km Tokyo14.6 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube15.3 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal15.9 km Tokyo Ueno18.2 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Mystays Haneda Is pricing at Hotel Mystays Haneda comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotel Mystays Haneda is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 288 per night in Tokyo. Hotel Mystays Haneda will run you C$ 100 per night, which is 74% cheaper than the Tokyo average. How close is Hotel Mystays Haneda to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At 3.1 km away, Tokyo Haneda Airport is the closest airport to Hotel Mystays Haneda. The average expected drive time from Hotel Mystays Haneda to Tokyo Haneda Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Haneda? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Hotel Mystays Haneda can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Hotel Mystays Haneda has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Mystays Haneda guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Hotel Mystays Haneda from the Tokyo city center? Hotel Mystays Haneda is 2 km away from the center of Ōta, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hotel Mystays Haneda by various forms of transportation. What is the Hotel Mystays Haneda phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Mystays Haneda is by calling +81 368 635 539. Does Hotel Mystays Haneda have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Mystays Haneda has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel Mystays Haneda? Hotel Mystays Haneda does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Hotel Mystays Haneda? Hotel Mystays Haneda check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Mystays Haneda, Tokyo? C$ 57 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Mystays Haneda, with average deals around C$ 100 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Mystays Haneda? There is a restaurant located in Hotel Mystays Haneda. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hotel Mystays Haneda have a laundry service? Hotel Mystays Haneda does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Hotel Mystays Haneda Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
