https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Ocean_Park_Hong_Kong.htm
Hotels near Ocean Park, Hong Kong - Amazing Deals Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near Ocean Park, Hong Kong Search and compare hotels near Ocean Park from hundreds of travel sites and save Ocean Park - Hong Kong, Hong Kong 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Ocean Park - Hong Kong, Hong Kong Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Hong Kong Island Hotels 1,438 Southern District Hotels Ocean Park Hotels Cheapest hotels near Ocean Park, Hong Kong Show all 1 hotels Bluejay Residences 5.9 Okay No. 95 Ap Lei Chau Main Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Bluejay Residences provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within walking distance of South Horizons Station. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Nina Hotel Island South 7.7 Good 55 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 4-star hotel features numerous premium amenities, including free Wi-Fi and a seasonal outdoor pool available from April to October. It also provides private parking on site and is a 10-minute drive from Ap Lei Chau and Aberdeen Country Park. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Ovolo Southside 8.4 Excellent 64 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Ovolo Southside is located under 10 minutes walk from Ocean Park Station and has air conditioned rooms with a flat-screen TV, slippers and a mini bar. It is situated a short stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in Ocean Park 3 stars #1 Most popular Bluejay Residences No. 95 Ap Lei Chau Main Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong 5.9 C$ 59 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Ovolo Southside 64 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong 8.4 C$ 139 View Deal #2 Most popular Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong 7.9 C$ 166 View Deal Best value Nina Hotel Island South 55 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong 7.7 C$ 111 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Ocean Park Hotels in popular Ocean Park neighbourhoods Causeway Bay, Hong Kong hotels Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong hotels Kwun Tong District, Hong Kong hotels Sham Shui Po District, Hong Kong hotels Sai Kung District, Hong Kong hotels Wong Tai Sin District, Hong Kong hotels Wan Chai, Hong Kong hotels Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong hotels Islands District, Hong Kong hotels Kwai Tsing District, Hong Kong hotels Show more Hotels near popular Ocean Park landmarks Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground Hong Kong Disneyland Resort Mid-levels Escalators Hong Kong Disneyland Tin Shui Wai Station Discovery Bay D Deck Vacation rentals in popular Hong Kong cities Hong Kong vacation rentals Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular Hong Kong cities Hong Kong hotels Hotels near popular Ocean Park airports Hong Kong Intl Airport About Ocean Park One of the most diverse theme parks in Asia, Ocean Park Hong Kong covers the gamut from an aquarium to marine mammal park, animal theme park, simulated rainforest, and traditional amusement park with roller coasters, raging river rides and a bungee trampoline. Embracing biodiversity, marine conservation and wildlife advocacy, the park thrills young and old alike with more than 12,000 animals, educational bird shows and an animal encounter program. Two main attraction areas at Ocean Park range from lofty mountaintops to misty seas at the Waterfront and the Summit. Visitors experience polar adventures, a giant panda habitat and arctic fox den, as well as a 360-degree Symbio water screen with fireworks and sound effects exploring the symbiotic relationship between humans and nature through a whimsical dragon tale. Thousands of fish from more than 400 species populate the Grand Aquarium at Aqua City, designed by acclaimed architect Frank Gehry. Ocean Park Station on the South Island Line of Hong Kong’s Mass Transit Railway (MRT) sits just across from the park’s main entrance, giving easy access from all areas of Hong Kong. Bus routes to Ocean Park include the main Citybus Ocean Park Express and road access by car is via Route 1 from central and eastern Hong Kong, or by Pok Fu Lam Road from western districts. Once inside the park, it’s easy to get around via cable car, railway and a 225-metre long escalator system. Unknown to those enjoying the elaborately themed exhibitions and thrill rides, Ocean Park operates full education and research laboratories and observatories and runs the Ocean Park Conservation Foundation. The park’s Marine Mammal Breeding and Research Centre pioneered artificial insemination of bottlenose dolphins and established a Giant Panda Base Rebuilding Fund. Facts about staying in Ocean Park What are the best hotels near Ocean Park? Ovolo Southside, rated with a score of 8.4 from 141 reviewers, is one of the most popular hotels near Ocean Park. Other top stays include Nina Hotel Island South, with an average rating of 7.7 from 729 reviewers, and Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel, with a score of 7.9 from 926 reviewers. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Hong Kong Island Hotels 1,438 Southern District Hotels Ocean Park Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
