https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Principe_Lisboa.htm
Hotel Principe Lisboa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Principe Lisboa Hotel Principe Lisboa Hotel Avenida Duque De Avila, 201, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,285 reviews 8.7 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel Principe Lisboa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel Principe Lisboa Hotel Principe Lisboa provides modern 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. This stylish hotel provides a number... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 4.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 592 050 All policies Amenities at Hotel Principe Lisboa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Quiet street view Electric kettle Radio Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Balcony Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel Principe Lisboa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Hotel Principe Lisboa Hotel Real Parque Avenida Luis Bivar, 67, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This modern Lisbon hotel is situated within a 10-minute walk of Saldanha Metro Station. It also offers limited hours room service, a coffee bar and laundry facilities. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Real Palacio 8.0 Excellent Rua Tomas Ribeiro 115, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Saldanha Metro Station, Hotel Real Palacio is a convenient base while in Lisbon. It also offers a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals A Ponte Rua Pinheiro Chagas 1, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel A Ponte is situated in Lisbon and features free wireless internet. It also offers a sun deck, a rooftop terrace and a 24-hour reception. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel White Lisboa 8.7 Excellent Avenida Da Republica 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool, Hotel White Lisboa is located in Lisbon and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a 24-hour reception. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel Principe Lisboa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 2,285 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.7Couples 8.5Solo 8.8Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel Principe Lisboa All photos (37) Bedroom (14) Outdoors view (4) Other (4) Balcony (2) Where is Hotel Principe Lisboa Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian0.4 km Jardim Botânico1.8 km Castelo de São Jorge2.7 km Elevador de Santa Justa2.7 km Chiado Museum2.8 km Sé de Lisboa3.2 km Getting Around Lisbon Saldanha0.5 km Lisbon Picoas0.6 km Lisbon Av. da República0.6 km Lisbon Av. José Malhoa0.9 km Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República1.0 km Lisbon Entrecampos1.1 km FAQs when booking at Hotel Principe Lisboa Is pricing at Hotel Principe Lisboa comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 27% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Hotel Principe Lisboa. The rate at Hotel Principe Lisboa is just C$ 124/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Hotel Principe Lisboa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 4.8 km drive between Hotel Principe Lisboa and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 03m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Hotel Principe Lisboa? Hotel Principe Lisboa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Lisbon, renting a car for around C$ 12/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hotel Principe Lisboa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Hotel Principe Lisboa from the Lisbon city center? The center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Hotel Principe Lisboa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as SL Benfica Stadium, which you can get to from Hotel Principe Lisboa using any means of transportation. What is the Hotel Principe Lisboa phone number? The best way to contact Hotel Principe Lisboa is by calling +351 213 592 050. Does Hotel Principe Lisboa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Principe Lisboa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Principe Lisboa? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Hotel Principe Lisboa, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Principe Lisboa, Lisbon? C$ 69 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Principe Lisboa, with average deals around C$ 124 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Hotel Principe Lisboa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hotel Principe Lisboa that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hotel Principe Lisboa from Sé de Lisboa? Hotel Principe Lisboa is a good place to stay to see Sé de Lisboa. It’s 3.2 km away. Is Hotel Principe Lisboa close to Estádio José Alvalade? If you want to see Estádio José Alvalade while visiting Lisbon, Hotel Principe Lisboa is just 3.1 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Hotel Principe Lisboa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
