https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_SB_Diagonal_Zero_Barcelona.htm
Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Hotel Plaça de Llevant, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 4,966 reviews 7.5 C$ 94 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Situated in Barcelona, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Barcelona El Prat Airport and provides a Finnish sauna, a rooftop pool and a Turkish steam bath. It has a fitness centre, as well as a J... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.7 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 17.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 935 078 000 All policies Amenities at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Solarium Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Body soap Ice maker Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Public bath Services Business secretarial services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Health club Spa Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Barcelona Princess 8.2 Excellent Avinguda Diagonal 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Barcelona, Hotel Barcelona Princess offers trendy 4-star accommodation, as well as a swimming pool and a sauna. It also provides free wireless internet. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Diagonal Mar Barcelona 7.5 Good Passeig del Taulat, 262-264, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Barcelona, Hilton Diagonal offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Barcelona International Convention Center. It also provides a rooftop terrace, a sauna and a seasonal outdoor swimming pool. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Ilunion Barcelona 8.2 Excellent Calle Ramon Turó 196-198, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Providing a rooftop terrace and a rooftop pool, Ilunion Barcelona is a deluxe place to stay in Barcelona. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck and a swimming pool. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals The Hoxton, Poblenou 8.7 Excellent Avinguda Diagonal 205, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel Situated in Barcelona, The Hoxton Poblenou is a short walk from Plaza Glories Catalanes and provides a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to Agbar Tower. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 4,966 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.2Families 7.6Solo 7.6Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Pool (8) Restaurant (6) Building (5) Where is Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Most Popular Landmarks Sagrada Familia3.9 km Playa de la Barceloneta4.4 km Cathedral of Barcelona4.8 km L’Aquàrium5.0 km La Rambla5.2 km Passeig de Gracia5.2 km Getting Around Barcelona La Pau1.6 km Barcelona Poblenou1.7 km Barcelona Bruxelles-Delta1058.5 km Barcelona Bellaterra13.7 km Barcelona Universidad Autónoma Fgc-eix Central14.1 km Barcelona Clot-Aragó2.7 km FAQs when booking at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Is pricing at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? Hotels in Barcelona that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 172/night, but on average, Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona is available for 45% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona for C$ 126/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Barcelona. How close is Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At just 17.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona is 0h 13m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona? Getting from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 15/day in Barcelona. Luckily, Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona considered pet-friendly? Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona? Yes, Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona from the Barcelona city center? Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona is just 0.2 km away from the center of El Besos i el Maresme, Barcelona. From Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Placa d'Espanya. What is the Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona phone number? For questions about Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +34 935 078 000. Does Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona? The standard check-out time at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona, Barcelona? C$ 63 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona, with average deals around C$ 126 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 Hotel SB Diagonal Zero Barcelona Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
