https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/De_9_Straatjes.htm
Hotels near De 9 Straatjes, Amsterdam - Amazing Deals on 836 Hotels Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels near De 9 Straatjes, Amsterdam Search and compare hotels near De 9 Straatjes from hundreds of travel sites and save De 9 Straatjes - Amsterdam, Netherlands 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests De 9 Straatjes - Amsterdam, Netherlands Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Centrum Hotels Grachtengordel-West Hotels De 9 Straatjes Hotels Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels near De 9 Straatjes Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Hotel Continental Amsterdam 6.0 Good Damrak 40-41, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 1,870 reviews 6.0 Conveniently located, Continental Centre Hotel offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is situated a short walk from De Wallen and Royal Palace at Dam Square. View Deals Hotel Jakarta Amsterdam 8.9 Excellent Javakade 766, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 5,362 reviews 8.9 Hotel Jakarta Amsterdam is situated in Amsterdam and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It offers free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. View Deals Di-Ann City Centre Hotel 5.8 Okay Raadhuisstraat 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands OkayBased on 2,234 reviews 5.8 Situated in the city centre, Hotel DiAnn offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short stroll from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides cosy rooms equipped with a refrigerator, wireless internet access and a private bathroom. View Deals Hotel CC 8.0 Excellent Warmoesstraat 42, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 3,923 reviews 8.0 Situated in the city centre, Hotel CC offers easy access to Amsterdam's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Hotel Library Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Prins Hendrikkade 144-145, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 2,060 reviews 8.0 Centrally located, Hotel Library Amsterdam offers easy access to Amsterdam's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It is located a short walk from De Wallen and the Rembrandt House Museum. View Deals Golden Mansion Apartments 7.5 Good Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 974 reviews 7.5 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Amsterdam. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. View Deals Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands OkayBased on 899 reviews 5.3 Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Leonardo Boutique Museumhotel 7.8 Good Pieter Cornelisz. Hooftstraat 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands GoodBased on 2,547 reviews 7.8 Leonardo Boutique Museumhotel is situated in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of local attractions, including the Musee Municipal d'Art Moderne Stedelijk Museum, Theater Bellevue and the Van Gogh Museum. Only a short stroll from the Rijksmuseum, it offers stylish rooms equipped with a mini bar, free wireless internet access and a private bathroom. View Deals All 836 hotels near De 9 Straatjes Top Rated hotels near De 9 Straatjes Show all 836 hotels 1 De L'Europe Amsterdam 9.0 Excellent Nieuwe Doelenstraat 2-14, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands De L'Europe Amsterdam The Leading Hotels of the World is situated in the centre of Amsterdam and has a butler service. Some of the features on offer at this luxury 5-star hotel are an indoor pool, a Turkish steam bath and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 2 Amsterdam Hostel Centre 8.0 Excellent Leidsekruisstraat 13, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, Amsterdam Hostel Centre allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best hot spots. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. View Deals 3 Budget Hotel Neutraal 5.8 Okay Damrak 8, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Set in the centre of Amsterdam, Budget Hotel Neutraal is situated near Amsterdam Centraal Railway Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet. View Deals 4 Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam 9.6 Excellent Herengracht 542-556, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally located, Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam offers easy access to Amsterdam's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. View Deals 5 Luxury Suites Amsterdam 9.0 Excellent Oudeschans 75, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally situated, Luxury Suites Amsterdam - Member of Warwick Hotels allows for easy access to Amsterdam's popular hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. View Deals 6 Hotel Twentyseven 9.7 Excellent Dam 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel TwentySeven - Small Luxury Hotels of the World Amsterdam offers easy access to Amsterdam's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It has complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to Dam Square. View Deals 7 INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery 8.7 Excellent Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 67, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently positioned, INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing areas. Only a short walk from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides modern rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a mini bar and slippers. View Deals 8 Eric Vökel Boutique Apartments - Amsterdam Suites 8.7 Excellent Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally located, Eric Vokel Boutique Apartments - Amsterdam Suites allows for easy access to Amsterdam's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also make use of free wireless internet throughout their stay. View Deals Cheapest hotels near De 9 Straatjes, Amsterdam Show all 836 hotels Amsterdam Hostel Leidseplein 5.4 Okay Korte Leidsewarsstraat 79, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally situated, Leidseplein Hostel allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best sightseeing areas. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals International Budget Hostel City Center 6.6 Good Leidsegracht 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, International Budget Hostel City Center offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is close to Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Hans Brinker Hostel Amsterdam 7.9 Good Kerkstraat 136-138, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Featuring an on-site bar, this central Amsterdam hostel is situated just a short walk from the Rijksmuseum and Theater Bellevue. It offers free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Uptown 5.4 Okay Korte Leidsedwarsstraat 147, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Centrally positioned, Amsterdam Hostel Uptown offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing areas. It provides free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Orfeo 5.1 Okay Leidsekruisstraat 12-14, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently positioned, Amsterdam Hostel Orfeo allows for easy access to Amsterdam's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mevlana 6.5 Good Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 160, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in the heart of the city, Hotel Mevlana offers easy access to Amsterdam's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Tulip Hotel 6.2 Good Damrak 31-32, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in the heart of the city, Orange Tulip Hotel provides easy access to Amsterdam's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief stroll from De Wallen, Royal Palace at Dam Square and Dam Square. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Budget Hotel Tourist Inn 7.6 Good Spuistraat 52, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Budget Hotel Tourist Inn is set centrally in Amsterdam and is within a 10-minute walk of Amsterdam Centraal Railway Station, Dam Square and Royal Palace at Dam Square. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 45 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in De 9 Straatjes 2 stars and under #1 Most popular The Flying Pig Downtown Nieuwendijk 100, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.1 C$ 48 View Deal #2 Most popular Budget Hotel Tourist Inn Spuistraat 52, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.6 C$ 45 View Deal Best value Clinknoord Hostel Badhuiskade 3, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.1 C$ 33 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Rho Hotel Nes 5-23, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 7.8 C$ 187 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Van Gogh Van de Veldestraat 5, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.2 C$ 100 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Swissôtel Amsterdam Damrak 96, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.6 C$ 202 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Mercier Rozenstraat 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.4 C$ 209 View Deal Best value Mövenpick Hotel Amsterdam City Centre Piet Heinkade 11, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands 8.1 C$ 169 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in De 9 Straatjes Hotels near popular De 9 Straatjes airports Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Eindhoven Airport Rotterdam The Hague Airport Hotels near popular De 9 Straatjes landmarks Universiteit van Amsterdam Amsterdam Old Town Ziggo Dome Olympisch Stadion AFAS Live Amsterdam RAI Warmoesstraat Hotels in popular De 9 Straatjes neighbourhoods Jordaan, Amsterdam hotels Oude Pijp, Amsterdam hotels Kolenkit District, Amsterdam hotels Zeeburg, Amsterdam hotels De Weteringschans, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam-Noord, Amsterdam hotels Centrum, Amsterdam hotels Amsterdam Nieuw-West, Amsterdam hotels Westpoort, Amsterdam hotels Hotels in popular the Netherlands regions North Holland Utrecht Zuid-Holland Limburg Noord-Brabant Friesland Groningen Drenthe Gelderland Zeeland Hotels in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam hotels Utrecht hotels Rotterdam hotels Zaandam hotels Haarlem hotels Badhoevedorp hotels Schiphol hotels Holten hotels Arnhem hotels The Hague hotels Show more Vacation rentals in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam vacation rentals Utrecht vacation rentals Rotterdam vacation rentals Haarlem vacation rentals Holten vacation rentals Arnhem vacation rentals The Hague vacation rentals Maastricht vacation rentals Zandvoort vacation rentals Alkmaar vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About De 9 Straatjes Translating from Dutch as “the nine little streets”, the neighbourhood of De Negen Straatjes lies in the centre of the capital, Amsterdam, and is renowned for its charming 17th century architecture. The streets connect the four main canals within the UNESCO World Heritage-listed Grachtengordel, or “Canal Belt”, and boast a long-established legacy of craftspeople and artisans. De Negen Straatjes includes Ree-, Harten-, Beren-, Wolven-, Oude Spiegel-, Run- and Huidenstraat, together with Gasthuismolensteeg and Wijde Heisteeg, with many of the names in reference to the old skin tanning industry of the area. Today the area is home to unique boutiques, vintage and antique shops, art galleries and an eclectic selection of cafes, bars and restaurants all draped in historical charm. There’s also a scattering of museums, including the Brilmuseum translated to Museum of Eyeglasses, and the Bijbels Museum, or Bible Museum, with the Dutch Institute for War Documentation and the European Centre for Art, Culture and Science residing within De Negen Straatjes. Cultural and literary walking tours are a good way to explore its vibrant streets, once home to both Rembrandt and dramatist Joost van den Vondel. In recent years, nearby Hazenstraat in the former bohemian hub of Jordaan has dubbed itself the Tiende Straatje, or “Tenth Street”, hoping to muscle in on the area’s success. De Negen Straatjes are located just a short walk from Dam Square and the Royal Palace in the centre of Amsterdam, with numerous tram stops nearby. The narrow streets and canals are best explored on foot, with plenty of unique shops to discover along the way. While the streets have been in existence since the 17th century, it wasn’t until the 1990s that a local shopkeeper came up with the idea to promote the area and increase business by dubbing it De Negen Straatjes. Many were opposed to the name at the time, but it managed to stick and has become one of Amsterdam’s most atmospheric shopping areas. Facts about staying in De 9 Straatjes What are the best hotels near De 9 Straatjes? NH Collection Amsterdam Barbizon Palace is a very popular hotel near De 9 Straatjes, with a score of 8.4 from 3,687 reviews. NH Collection Amsterdam Flower Market (8.5 from 4,898 reviews) and Hotel Van Gogh (8.2 from 2,106 reviews) are also highly rated De 9 Straatjes hotels, based on recent feedback from HotelsCombined users. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Centrum Hotels Grachtengordel-West Hotels De 9 Straatjes Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
