https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Howard_Johnson_by_Wyndham_Niagara_Falls.htm
Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Motel 8100 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada OkayBased on 1,020 reviews 5.5 C$ 55 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 5.5 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 36.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 358 9777 All policies Amenities at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Snack bar Outdoor pool Additional toilet Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Casino Golf Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Fullerton Manor Inn 7.7 Good 7940 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor pool, Fullerton Manor Inn is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane 4.0 Okay 7737 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Bonaventure is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and offers a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. It also provides a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Moon Motel 8.4 Excellent 8445 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This comfortable motel in Niagara Falls City offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also features a playground, an express check-in and check-out feature and a tour desk. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa 7.7 Good 8444 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa is located in Niagara Falls City and offers water slides and an indoor pool. The multiple amenities this unique resort has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and a kids pool. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 97 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.5 PassableBased on 1,019 verified guest reviews 5.6Couples 4.9Families 6.0Solo 5.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls All photos (34) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (5) Bar (4) Building (4) Where is Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort4.3 km Skylon Tower4.3 km Niagara Falls Tower4.4 km Queen Victoria Park4.5 km Niagara SkyWheel4.7 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark5.0 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW2.5 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino4.3 km Niagara Falls Table Rock4.5 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara4.9 km Niagara Falls6.1 km FAQs when booking at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Is pricing at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Nightly rates at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls will generally be 43% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Niagara Falls. When staying at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 66/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Niagara Falls for a 2-stars hotel. Is Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls considered pet-friendly? Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls? Yes, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls is 4.6 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Skylon Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls phone number? The best way to contact Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls is by calling +1 905 358 9777. Does Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls? Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls? Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 66/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 16/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls? There is a restaurant located in Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
