https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hyatt_Regency_Dubai.htm
Hyatt Regency Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Hyatt Regency Dubai Hyatt Regency Dubai Hotel P O Box 5588, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 5,364 reviews 7.9 C$ 164 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hyatt Regency Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Hyatt Regency Dubai Boasting its very own ice skating rink, beauty salon and nightclub, this hotel provides luxurious accommodation in Dubai. It offers excellent fitness facilities, which include an outdoor pool and outd... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.5 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 6.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4209 1234 All policies Amenities at Hyatt Regency Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Fan Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Smoking rooms available Steam room Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Aerobics Darts Evening entertainment Fitness centre Tennis Karaoke Kids' club Pay-per-view channels Playground Basketball court Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hyatt Regency Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Hyatt Regency Dubai Mark Inn Hotel Deira 8.3 Excellent Baniyas Metro Station, Behind Khansaheb Parking, Maktoum Hospital Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Mark Inn Hotel Deira offers easy access to Dubai's best hot spots. The hotel is also ideally located within a five-minute walk of Baniyas Square (Dubai Metro). C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals Riviera Hotel Dubai 7.6 Good Baniyas Road 5, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Riviera Hotel Dubai offers easy access to Dubai's main hot spots. It provides city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hotel 6.2 Good Al Muteena St. Deira, P.o.Box 25570. Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Marco Polo Hotel Dubai offers modern 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and an executive floor. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hyatt Regency Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 5,364 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 7.9Couples 7.7Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hyatt Regency Dubai All photos (57) Other (16) Bedroom (6) Building (5) Bar (4) Where is Hyatt Regency Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Gold Souq0.7 km Dubai Gold Souk0.9 km Dubai Museum1.8 km Al Ghurair Centre1.8 km Meydan Racecourse13.2 km Al Karama3.3 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus0.3 km Dubai Np2.7 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.4 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.2 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station3.8 km FAQs when booking at Hyatt Regency Dubai Is pricing at Hyatt Regency Dubai comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? In Dubai, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 531. The expected nightly rate for Hyatt Regency Dubai is around C$ 220; a price that is 69% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hyatt Regency Dubai to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Dubai. How close is Hyatt Regency Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 6.7 km between Hyatt Regency Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 05m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Hyatt Regency Dubai? Hyatt Regency Dubai has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hyatt Regency Dubai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Hyatt Regency Dubai? Yes, Hyatt Regency Dubai has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hyatt Regency Dubai from the Dubai city center? Hyatt Regency Dubai is just 2.8 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From Hyatt Regency Dubai you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the Hyatt Regency Dubai phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hyatt Regency Dubai please call +971 4209 1234. Does Hyatt Regency Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hyatt Regency Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hyatt Regency Dubai? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hyatt Regency Dubai. What is the check-out time at Hyatt Regency Dubai? Hyatt Regency Dubai has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hyatt Regency Dubai, Dubai? Usually Hyatt Regency Dubai room prices are around C$ 220/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 114/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Hyatt Regency Dubai? Hyatt Regency Dubai does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hyatt Regency Dubai have a laundry service? Hyatt Regency Dubai does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Hyatt Regency Dubai from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 0.7 km away from Hyatt Regency Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Hyatt Regency Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
