https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hyatt_Place_Edmonton_West.htm
Hyatt Place Edmonton West, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hotel 18004 100 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,289 reviews 8.3 C$ 127 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hyatt Place Edmonton West Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Hyatt Place Edmonton West Featuring complimentary wireless internet, an around the clock reception and free on-site parking, Hyatt Place Edmonton West is located in Edmonton and has comfortable guest rooms. The multiple facili... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.0 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 25.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 244 4900 All policies Amenities at Hyatt Place Edmonton West Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Delivered food is securely covered Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Water sport facilities (on site) Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hyatt Place Edmonton West Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Hyatt Place Edmonton West Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham West Edmonton 7.7 Good 10010 179a St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and offers an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Hotel West Edmonton, Trademark Collection by Wyndham 8.0 Excellent 10010 178 St NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Royal Hotel West Edmonton Trademark Collection by Wyndham is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Edmonton/West 8.5 Excellent 18304 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton/West is located in Edmonton and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, highchairs and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hyatt Place Edmonton West 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,291 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 8.3Families 8.4Solo 8.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hyatt Place Edmonton West All photos (9) Building (2) Other (2) Bathroom (1) Bedroom (1) Where is Hyatt Place Edmonton West Most Popular Landmarks Galaxyland1.8 km West Edmonton Mall1.9 km Edmonton Ski Club10.4 km Commonwealth Stadium10.6 km Northlands Coliseum12.3 km South Edmonton Common14.1 km Getting Around Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South10.6 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.2 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites11.4 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall11.9 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw12.5 km Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel6.9 km FAQs when booking at Hyatt Place Edmonton West Is pricing at Hyatt Place Edmonton West comparable to 3 star hotels in Edmonton? In Edmonton, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 115. The expected nightly rate for Hyatt Place Edmonton West is around C$ 125; a price that is 20% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Hyatt Place Edmonton West to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Edmonton. How close is Hyatt Place Edmonton West to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 25.8 km drive between Hyatt Place Edmonton West and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 20m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Hyatt Place Edmonton West? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Hyatt Place Edmonton West where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Hyatt Place Edmonton West considered pet-friendly? Hyatt Place Edmonton West is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Hyatt Place Edmonton West. Is there a pool at Hyatt Place Edmonton West? Yes, Hyatt Place Edmonton West has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hyatt Place Edmonton West from the Edmonton city center? Hyatt Place Edmonton West is 10.0 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hyatt Place Edmonton West by various forms of transportation. What is the Hyatt Place Edmonton West phone number? For questions about Hyatt Place Edmonton West and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 780 244 4900. Does Hyatt Place Edmonton West have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hyatt Place Edmonton West has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hyatt Place Edmonton West? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Hyatt Place Edmonton West. What is the check-out time at Hyatt Place Edmonton West? The standard check-out time at Hyatt Place Edmonton West is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hyatt Place Edmonton West, Edmonton? A good deal at Hyatt Place Edmonton West right now is between C$ 110 and C$ 125 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hyatt Place Edmonton West? Hyatt Place Edmonton West does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hyatt Place Edmonton West have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hyatt Place Edmonton West. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Hyatt Place Edmonton West from Galaxyland? You can walk to Galaxyland while staying at Hyatt Place Edmonton West - you’ll be about 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
