https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hyatt_Regency_Waikiki_Beach_Resort_Spa.htm
Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Resort 2424 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 871 reviews 8.2 C$ 459 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Providing a private beach, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort & Spa is located in Honolulu and is a brief walk from Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It has a spa... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 11.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 923 1234 All policies Amenities at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Bidet Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Table tennis Water sport facilities (on site) Windsurfing Hiking Massage Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Stay Hotel Waikiki 6.4 Good 2424 Koa Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Kuhio Beach Park and Royal Hawaiian Center. Just a short walk from Waikiki Beach, it offers modern rooms equipped with a refrigerator, an iPod docking station and a private bathroom. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Aston Waikiki Circle Hotel 7.9 Good 2464 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This cosy resort is located close to Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. A short walk from Kuhio Beach Park, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with a private balcony, a coffee maker and a refrigerator. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Princess Kaiulani 8.1 Excellent 120 Kaiulani Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Guests of Sheraton Princess Kaiulani can have the unique experience of swimming with dolphins, plus enjoy the outdoor pool with poolside services including a bar and chilled Oshibori towels. This modern hotel is situated in Waikiki. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 869 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.1Families 7.7Solo 8.3Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date J 6.7 Okay Jun*, Aug. 2018 The facility is good, really. but the... it was disappointed... about the employees... at the front desk. The some people was not... kindness... I think. Photos of Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa All photos (60) Balcony (14) Bedroom (10) Outdoors view (9) Beach (5) Where is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Most Popular Landmarks Kuhio Beach Park0.2 km Waikiki Beach0.4 km Honolulu Zoo0.9 km FAQs when booking at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa How close is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 11.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 58/day and parking it at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Honolulu. Is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa. Is there a pool at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 1 km away from the front doors of Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa using any means of transportation. What is the Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa please call +1 808 923 1234. Does Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa, Honolulu? C$ 271 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa, with average deals around C$ 452 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa? Yes, food can be ordered from the Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa have a laundry service? Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa from Diamond Head State Monument? Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa is a walkable distance (2.5 km) from Diamond Head State Monument, Honolulu. Is Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa close to Fort DeRussy? 1 km - making Fort DeRussy a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
