https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hyatt_Regency_Toronto.htm
Hyatt Regency Toronto, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Hyatt Regency Toronto Hyatt Regency Toronto Hotel 370 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,236 reviews 7.9 C$ 245 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hyatt Regency Toronto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Hyatt Regency Toronto This hotel is ideally positioned in Downtown Toronto and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. Unique views of Lake Ontario and Toronto can also be admired from the property. Hyatt Regency To... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Toronto All airports Distance to airport 1.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 343 1234 All policies Amenities at Hyatt Regency Toronto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Fitness centre Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hyatt Regency Toronto Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 585 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 666 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Hyatt Regency Toronto Le Germain Hotel Toronto 8.5 Excellent 30 Mercer Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. C$ 335 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Toronto Downtown / Entertainment District 8.2 Excellent 255 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It provides outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 262 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hyatt Regency Toronto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,236 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 8.0Couples 7.9Solo 7.8Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hyatt Regency Toronto All photos (43) Bar (5) Bedroom (5) Outdoors view (5) Other (5) Where is Hyatt Regency Toronto Most Popular Landmarks CN Tower0.5 km Rogers Centre0.6 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.6 km Union Station0.9 km Scotiabank Arena1.1 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.2 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station0.9 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.1 km Toronto Union - Bus1.2 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.4 km Toronto Weston11.4 km Toronto Downsview Park13.8 km FAQs when booking at Hyatt Regency Toronto Is pricing at Hyatt Regency Toronto comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? Hyatt Regency Toronto is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Toronto. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 342 per night in Toronto. Hyatt Regency Toronto will run you C$ 296 per night, which is 35% cheaper than the Toronto average. How close is Hyatt Regency Toronto to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At just 18.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to Hyatt Regency Toronto is 0h 14m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hyatt Regency Toronto? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Hyatt Regency Toronto can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, Hyatt Regency Toronto has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hyatt Regency Toronto considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Hyatt Regency Toronto are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Hyatt Regency Toronto? Yes, Hyatt Regency Toronto has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hyatt Regency Toronto from the Toronto city center? Hyatt Regency Toronto is 0.4 km away from the center of Entertainment District, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hyatt Regency Toronto by various forms of transportation. What is the Hyatt Regency Toronto phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hyatt Regency Toronto please call +1 416 343 1234. Does Hyatt Regency Toronto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hyatt Regency Toronto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hyatt Regency Toronto? Hyatt Regency Toronto does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Hyatt Regency Toronto? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Hyatt Regency Toronto, Toronto? A good deal at Hyatt Regency Toronto right now is between C$ 15 and C$ 296 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hyatt Regency Toronto? Yes - Hyatt Regency Toronto does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hyatt Regency Toronto have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Hyatt Regency Toronto. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Hyatt Regency Toronto from Rogers Centre? Hyatt Regency Toronto is a good place to stay to see Rogers Centre. It’s 0.6 km away. Is Hyatt Regency Toronto close to Royal Ontario Museum? If you want to see Royal Ontario Museum while visiting Toronto, Hyatt Regency Toronto is just 2.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Hyatt Regency Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
