https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Windsor_Dieppe.htm
Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer, Dieppe | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Haute-Normandie Hotels 6,880 Dieppe Hotels 531 Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Hotel 18 Boulevard De Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France ExcellentBased on 746 reviews 8.0 C$ 110 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Hotel Windsor Dieppe is situated in Dieppe and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located for those wanting to sightsee in the area. This traditional hotel offers a range of ameni... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Dieppe Distance to airport 6.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 2 35 84 15 23 All policies Amenities at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Beachfront Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Sea view Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Conference rooms Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Top Dieppe hotels Grand Hôtel du Casino de Dieppe 7.8 Good 3 boulevard de Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map The Grand Hotel**** offers 25 modern rooms with sea or city view. Let yourself go for a meal at our panoramic-view-restaurant "Le Trfle" after a day of work or a walk on the beach. Then, what about trying your luck at the Casino? C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Dieppe La Présidence 7.9 Good 1 Boulevard de Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map Located in the city center, the Mercure Dieppe la Présidence hotel is a stone's throw from the casino and 1.9 miles (3 km) from the golf course. Opposite Dieppe beach and the Les Bains de Dieppe aquatic and thalassotherapy center, this comfortable hotel offers contemporary rooms with stunning sea views. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dieppe Hotels closest to Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Hotel Aguado 8.1 Excellent 30 Boulevard De Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Dieppe offers free Wi-Fi, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature and a private beach. It provides 3-star accommodation and views of the harbour. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Dieppe La Présidence 7.9 Good 1 Boulevard de Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Opened in 1966, Mercure Dieppe La Presidence is situated in Dieppe and provides free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally located for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Villa Castel Chambres d'hôtes B&B 9.4 Excellent 6 rue de chastes, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Villa Castel Chambres d'hotes B&B is situated in Dieppe and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Chambres d'hotes Atypik 3-5 Rue Cite de Limes, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located close to Gare de Dieppe, this comfortable bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Dieppe and its surrounds. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dieppe hotels Hotel Les Gens De Mer Egg Hotel Dieppe 7.7 Good 6 Rue Claude Groulard, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France Boasting a swimming pool, Egg Hotel Dieppe Centre Ville is situated in Dieppe and provides comfortable accommodation. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within walking distance of Gare de Dieppe. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals ibis budget Dieppe Centre Port 7.7 Good 8 Boulevard Du General, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France The hotel is set amongst Dieppe's popular attractions and landmarks, just a brief walk from Gare de Dieppe. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a lift. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals L'Eolienne 8.1 Excellent 20 Rue De La Croix De Pierre, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France L'Eolienne Rouxmesnil-Bouteilles is located in Rouxmesnil-Bouteilles and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a garden and a playground. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Dieppe Val Druel 7.2 Good Rue de la Vieille Grange, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France Ibis Dieppe Le Val Druel provides 3-star accommodation in Dieppe. It also offers a bowling alley, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dieppe Recommended hotels Brit Hotel Dieppe 8.1 Excellent 3 rue Jacques Monod, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France This modern hotel in Dieppe offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a terrace and a 24-hour reception. It also provides conference rooms and a lift. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hôtel du Casino de Dieppe 7.8 Good 3 boulevard de Verdun, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France This comfortable hotel in Dieppe provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a swimming pool and a bowling alley. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Le Clos Robinson 8.1 Excellent 16 Rue De L'Ancien Port Etran, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France Hotel Le Clos Robinson is located in Martin-Eglise and features free Wi-Fi. It is perfect for families in search of a holiday by the coast. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Au Grand Duquesne 7.5 Good 15 Place Saint Jacques, Dieppe, Normandy, France Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Dieppe, BA, France This comfortable hotel in Dieppe provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as room service and a swimming pool. It is close to the area's tourist hot spots and is minutes on foot from Gare de Dieppe. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 746 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.0Couples 8.1Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer All photos (52) Bedroom (30) Outdoors view (6) Bathroom (4) Other (3) FAQs when booking at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Is pricing at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer comparable to 3 star hotels in Dieppe? There is a 27% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Dieppe and the average nightly rate at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer. The rate at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer is just C$ 116/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dieppe. Is Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer during their stay. What is the Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer phone number? The best way to contact Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer is by calling +33 2 35 84 15 23. Does Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer? Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer, Dieppe? Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 116/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 87/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer, Dieppe. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home France Hotels 412,647 Haute-Normandie Hotels 6,880 Dieppe Hotels 531 Hôtel Windsor Front De Mer Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
