https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Palace_Royal.htm
Hôtel Palace Royal, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel Palace Royal Hôtel Palace Royal Hotel 775 Honoré-Mercier Avenue, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,948 reviews 7.8 C$ 194 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hôtel Palace Royal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hôtel Palace Royal Conveniently located, Hotel Palace Royal allows for easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. There are a variety of fa... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 13.4 km Policies Check-in time 5:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 694 2000 All policies Amenities at Hôtel Palace Royal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Indoor pool Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hôtel Palace Royal Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hôtel Palace Royal Quebec City Marriott Downtown 8.2 Excellent 850 Place D'Youville, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Quebec City Marriott Downtown provides easy access to Quebec City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. The various facilities this elegant hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, a bowling alley and a beauty centre. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Quebec City. Boasting views of Old Quebec, it also provides a multitude of facilities, including ski passes, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Delta Hotels Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an outdoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge St-Louis 7.1 Good 48, Rue Saint-Louis, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently situated, Auberge St-Louis allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. It provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hôtel Palace Royal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,948 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 7.8Couples 7.6Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hôtel Palace Royal All photos (60) Bedroom (24) Living room (11) Bathroom (9) Pool (4) Where is Hôtel Palace Royal Most Popular Landmarks Plains of Abraham0.6 km Church of St. Roch0.6 km Quartier Petit Champlain0.9 km Dufferin Terrace0.9 km Place Royale1.0 km Museum of Civilization1.1 km Getting Around Québec City St-Augustin0.1 km Québec City Gare du Palais0.6 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne0.7 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station0.8 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.4 km Québec City Camp Mercier47.1 km FAQs when booking at Hôtel Palace Royal Is pricing at Hôtel Palace Royal comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? There is a 22% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Québec City and the average nightly rate at Hôtel Palace Royal. The rate at Hôtel Palace Royal is just C$ 214/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Québec City. How close is Hôtel Palace Royal to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? There are 13.4 km between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Hôtel Palace Royal. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hôtel Palace Royal? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Hôtel Palace Royal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Québec City Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hôtel Palace Royal? Yes. Many people visiting Québec City look for a hotel with a pool. Hôtel Palace Royal has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hôtel Palace Royal from the Québec City city center? Hôtel Palace Royal is 0.6 km away from the center of Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Hôtel Palace Royal by various forms of transportation. What is the Hôtel Palace Royal phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hôtel Palace Royal please call +1 418 694 2000. Does Hôtel Palace Royal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hôtel Palace Royal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hôtel Palace Royal? Yes, Hôtel Palace Royal has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Hôtel Palace Royal? Hôtel Palace Royal has a normal check-in time of after 5:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Hôtel Palace Royal, Québec City? A good deal at Hôtel Palace Royal right now is between C$ 131 and C$ 214 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Hôtel Palace Royal? There is a restaurant located in Hôtel Palace Royal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Hôtel Palace Royal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Hôtel Palace Royal from Place Royale? Hôtel Palace Royal is a walkable distance (1 km) from Place Royale, Québec City. Is Hôtel Palace Royal close to Dufferin Terrace? Hôtel Palace Royal is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Dufferin Terrace, which is 0.9 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel Palace Royal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
