https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Le_Concorde_Quebec.htm
Hôtel Le Concorde Québec, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Hotel 1225 Cours Du General De Montcalm, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 5,789 reviews 7.2 C$ 124 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Centrally located in Quebec City, Hotel Le Concorde Quebec is within a short drive of the Musee de la civilisation. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor heated pool, t... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 13.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 647 2222 All policies Amenities at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Gift shop EV charging station Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Drying rack for clothing Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Cycling Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Car rental Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Spa Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec 7.7 Good 1220, Place George-v Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Chateau Laurier Quebec is ideally located in Quebec City, and provides a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. It is steps from Quebec City Armoury, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Quebec 7.3 Good 690 Boul René Levesque E, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Delta Hotels Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's main sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an outdoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Aux deux Lions 8.4 Excellent 25 Bld René-Lévesque Est, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Auberge aux Deux Lions is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's tourist attractions. The various facilities this themed hotel offers include a swimming pool, a playground and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Quebec City. Boasting views of Old Quebec, it also provides a multitude of facilities, including ski passes, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hôtel Le Concorde Québec 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 5,789 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.3Solo 6.9Families 7.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 9.4 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2018 We recommend this hotel for your stay in the beautiful Québec City Photos of Hôtel Le Concorde Québec All photos (53) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (6) Conference room (5) Gym (5) Where is Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Most Popular Landmarks Plains of Abraham0.4 km Church of St. Roch1.2 km Quartier Petit Champlain1.3 km Dufferin Terrace1.3 km Place Royale1.4 km Museum of Civilization1.6 km Getting Around Québec City Sainte Foy Train station0.1 km Québec City St-Augustin0.7 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts0.8 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.1 km Québec City Gare du Palais1.4 km Québec City Université Laval4.9 km FAQs when booking at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec How close is Hôtel Le Concorde Québec to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? There are 13.1 km between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Hôtel Le Concorde Québec. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hôtel Le Concorde Québec? Getting from Québec City Airport to Hôtel Le Concorde Québec can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 41/day in Québec City. Luckily, Hôtel Le Concorde Québec has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Hôtel Le Concorde Québec guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is there a pool at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec? Yes. Many people visiting Québec City look for a hotel with a pool. Hôtel Le Concorde Québec has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Hôtel Le Concorde Québec from the Québec City city center? Hôtel Le Concorde Québec is just 0.3 km away from the center of Cap-Blanc, Québec City. From Hôtel Le Concorde Québec you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Quebec Aquarium Park. What is the Hôtel Le Concorde Québec phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec please call +1 418 647 2222. Does Hôtel Le Concorde Québec have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hôtel Le Concorde Québec has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec, Québec City? C$ 67 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec, with average deals around C$ 143 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec? There is a restaurant located in Hôtel Le Concorde Québec. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Hôtel Le Concorde Québec have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Hôtel Le Concorde Québec from Place Royale? You can walk to Place Royale while staying at Hôtel Le Concorde Québec - you’ll be about 1.4 km away. Is Hôtel Le Concorde Québec close to Dufferin Terrace? If you want to see Dufferin Terrace while visiting Québec City, Hôtel Le Concorde Québec is just 1.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel Le Concorde Québec Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
