https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Musee_Premieres_Nations.htm
Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Hotel 5 Place de la Rencontre, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 446 reviews 8.6 C$ 241 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Situated in Quebec City, Hotel-Musee Premieres Nations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.0 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 7.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 847 2222 All policies Amenities at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Mosquito net Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Open-air bath Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Socket near the bed Alarm clock Allergy-free room Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Golf Canoeing Cycling Bingo Skiing Evening entertainment Fitness centre Hiking Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 4.8 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort is within a 25-minute drive of Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport and provides an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Times Hotel 7.7 Good 5100, Boulevard Des Galeries, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, Grand Times Hotel provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Quality Suites 8.0 Excellent 1600 rue Bouvier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 5.9 km from current hotel Quality Suites Quebec City provides a comfortable setting while in Quebec City. It also features a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Repotel Henri IV 7.7 Good 2500, Av. St-Jean-Baptiste, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 6.2 km from current hotel Chateau Repotel Henri IV is situated in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides meeting rooms, a lift and a 24-hour reception. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 446 verified guest reviews 8.9Solo 8.7Couples 8.6Families 8.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations All photos (45) Other (11) Bedroom (7) Lobby (4) Banquet hall (4) Where is Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec11.1 km Church of St. Roch11.3 km Plains of Abraham12.3 km Dufferin Terrace12.7 km Museum of Civilization12.7 km Quartier Petit Champlain12.8 km Getting Around Québec City Sainte-Foy10.3 km Québec City Université Laval11.1 km Québec City Laurier (chul)11.2 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne11.2 km Québec City St-Augustin11.8 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts11.8 km FAQs when booking at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Is pricing at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? There is a 11% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Québec City and the average nightly rate at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations. The rate at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations is just C$ 244/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Québec City. How close is Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At 7.8 km away, Québec City Airport is the closest airport to Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations. The average expected drive time from Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations to Québec City Airport is 0h 06m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations? Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations considered pet-friendly? Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations? Yes, Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations from the Québec City city center? The center of Loretteville, Québec City, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Place Royale, which you can get to from Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations using any means of transportation. What is the Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 418 847 2222. Does Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations? Yes, there is a gym available to Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations? Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations, Québec City? Prices at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 244, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 142. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
