https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/ibis_Bangkok_Siam_Hotel.htm
ibis Bangkok Siam, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 ibis Bangkok Siam ibis Bangkok Siam Hotel Rama 1 Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1,732 reviews 8.3 C$ 70 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for ibis Bangkok Siam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About ibis Bangkok Siam Located under a 10-minute walk from Siam BTS Station, ibis Bangkok Siam Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Bangkok. Just a short walk from MBK Center, it provides air-conditioned r... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 659 2888 All policies Amenities at ibis Bangkok Siam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to ibis Bangkok Siam Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to ibis Bangkok Siam Mercure Bangkok Siam 8.5 Excellent 927 Rama 1 Road, Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Mercure Bangkok Siam is set in Bangkok and is within a 10-minute walk of Siam BTS Station. It is close to MBK Center, restaurants and shops. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Pathumwan Princess Hotel 8.8 Excellent 444 Mbk Center, Phayathai Rd., Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a popular location, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has views of Bangkok, and is moments from Siam Square. Guests also have exclusive access to the Bangkok Spa and Olympic Club. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Evergreen Place Siam By Uhg 8.5 Excellent 318 Phaya Thai Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Evergreen Place Siam by UHG offers a contemporary setting while in Bangkok. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a rooftop terrace. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok 9.4 Excellent 991/ 9 Rama 1 Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel This 5-star hotel offers modern accommodation in Bangkok and is a short stroll from Siam BTS Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Kempinski The Spa and Health Club. C$ 375 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for ibis Bangkok Siam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,732 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.1Couples 8.1Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date A 8.2 Great Anonymous, May 2017 excellent location, good & friendly staff but wifi network not stable in the room. Photos of ibis Bangkok Siam All photos (25) Bedroom (6) Conference room (3) Other (3) Bathroom (2) Where is ibis Bangkok Siam Most Popular Landmarks MBK Center0.2 km Siam Square0.6 km Centralworld1.1 km Central World Plaza1.1 km Pratunam1.3 km Rajamangala Stadium10.1 km Getting Around Bangkok National Stadium Bts0.0 km Bangkok Ratchathewi Bts0.6 km Bangkok Siam Bts0.6 km Bangkok Valaya Alongkorn Rajabhat University0.9 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi1.1 km Bangkok PTT Petrol station (near the Victory Monument)1.1 km FAQs when booking at ibis Bangkok Siam Is pricing at ibis Bangkok Siam comparable to 3 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at ibis Bangkok Siam is 11% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at ibis Bangkok Siam is typically C$ 82, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is ibis Bangkok Siam to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At just 20.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to ibis Bangkok Siam is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to ibis Bangkok Siam? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to ibis Bangkok Siam can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, ibis Bangkok Siam has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is ibis Bangkok Siam considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at ibis Bangkok Siam. How close is ibis Bangkok Siam from the Bangkok city center? ibis Bangkok Siam is just 0.4 km away from the center of Wang Mai, Bangkok. From ibis Bangkok Siam you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the ibis Bangkok Siam phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +66 2 659 2888 to talk to a ibis Bangkok Siam front desk representative. Does ibis Bangkok Siam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, ibis Bangkok Siam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at ibis Bangkok Siam? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at ibis Bangkok Siam, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at ibis Bangkok Siam, Bangkok? A good deal at ibis Bangkok Siam right now is between C$ 48 and C$ 82 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at ibis Bangkok Siam? There is a restaurant located in ibis Bangkok Siam. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does ibis Bangkok Siam have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is ibis Bangkok Siam from Victory Monument? Victory Monument in Bangkok is 2.3 km away from ibis Bangkok Siam. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 ibis Bangkok Siam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
