https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ibis_Ambassador_Seoul_Insadong.htm
ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Hotel 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea GoodBased on 617 reviews 7.9 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. The hotel offers a garden... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 7.9 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 730 1101 All policies Amenities at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Garden Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Public bath Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Insadong Crown Hotel 25, Nakwan-Dong, Jongro-gu, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated only a short stroll from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Insadong Crown Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Biz Jongro 8.0 Excellent 7, Samil-daero 26-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Biz Jongro is situated in Seoul and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Jongmyo, Jongno Tower and Cheonggyecheon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Icon 20, Samil-Daero 32ga-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated only a short walk from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Hotel Icon Seoul offers guests a convenient base when in Seoul. It also offers a rooftop terrace with city views. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 617 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.9Friends 7.8Families 8.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date X 8.5 Great Xio*, Feb. 2018 it was cozy and nice. Photos of ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong All photos (34) Bedroom (8) Conference room (4) Building (3) Restaurant (3) Where is ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.2 km Dongdaemun Gate1.8 km Dongdaemun Market1.8 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.4 km Yeouido Park7.9 km COEX Mall9.1 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.8 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.3 km Seoul Yongsan5.4 km Seoul Sangbong8.8 km FAQs when booking at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Is pricing at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 143 per night in Seoul. ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong will run you C$ 113 per night, which is 42% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At just 16.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong? Getting from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 128/day in Seoul. Luckily, ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong from the Seoul city center? ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is 0 km away from the center of Ikseon-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong by various forms of transportation. What is the ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong phone number? For questions about ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +82 (0) 26 730 1101. Does ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong have Wi-Fi available? Yes, ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong? Yes. You should consider staying at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong, Seoul? A good deal at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong right now is between C$ 69 and C$ 113 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong? There is an on-site restaurant - contact ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong have a laundry service? ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong from Dongdaemun Gate? Dongdaemun Gate in Seoul is 1.8 km away from ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong. Is ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong close to Gwanghwamun? 1.1 km - making Gwanghwamun a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
