https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ibis_Cancun_Centro.htm
Ibis Cancun Centro, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Ibis Cancun Centro Ibis Cancun Centro Hotel Av Tulum y Nichupte Supermanzana 11 M2 L3, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 2,433 reviews 7.7 C$ 67 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ibis Cancun Centro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Ibis Cancun Centro Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their s... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 13.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:30 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 272 8500 All policies Amenities at Ibis Cancun Centro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Soundproof rooms Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Ibis Cancun Centro Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 773 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 15-minute walk of Maya Cancun Museum and Aquaworld. Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins are also within 2 mi (3 km). C$ 283 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Ibis Cancun Centro Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro 8.2 Excellent Avenida Tulum, MZ 1, Lote 2, SM 12, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Krystal Urban Cancun Centro 7.5 Good Av. Sayil Mz. 1, Lote 4-07, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and meeting rooms. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Oh! Cancun - The Urban Oasis 7.9 Good Av Tulum Esquina Brisa SM 4 Colonia Centro, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Cancun By Oasis 7.7 Good Av Tulum 13-14, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Smart Cancun by Oasis offers easy access to Cancun's best hot spots. It also has an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 710 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.6 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ibis Cancun Centro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 2,439 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 7.6Friends 7.7Couples 7.6Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ibis Cancun Centro All photos (38) Bedroom (9) Room amenity (6) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Ibis Cancun Centro Most Popular Landmarks Playa Delfines10.4 km Puerto Cancun2.5 km Playa Tortugas5.8 km Playa Gaviota Azul8.3 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun9.7 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Terra Viva0.0 km Cancún Royal Solaris11.3 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort11.4 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa12.4 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach13.1 km Cancún Grand Palladium Costa Mujeres Resort & Spa13.9 km FAQs when booking at Ibis Cancun Centro How close is Ibis Cancun Centro to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 13.1 km drive between Ibis Cancun Centro and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 10m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Ibis Cancun Centro? Getting from Cancun Airport to Ibis Cancun Centro can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 18/day in Cancún. Luckily, Ibis Cancun Centro has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ibis Cancun Centro guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Cancún. Is Ibis Cancun Centro considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Ibis Cancun Centro are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Ibis Cancun Centro from the Cancún city center? Ibis Cancun Centro is just 3.4 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. From Ibis Cancun Centro you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Playa Delfines. What is the Ibis Cancun Centro phone number? For questions about Ibis Cancun Centro and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +52 998 272 8500. Does Ibis Cancun Centro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ibis Cancun Centro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ibis Cancun Centro? Ibis Cancun Centro has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:30 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Ibis Cancun Centro, Cancún? A good deal at Ibis Cancun Centro right now is between C$ 49 and C$ 77 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Ibis Cancun Centro? There is a restaurant located in Ibis Cancun Centro. Please contact them for kitchen hours. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Ibis Cancun Centro have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Ibis Cancun Centro from Plaza de Toros? Ibis Cancun Centro is about 0.8 km from Plaza de Toros, one of Cancún’s most popular landmarks. Is Ibis Cancun Centro close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? 0.2 km - making Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Ibis Cancun Centro. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Ibis Cancun Centro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
