https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/ibis_Lisboa_Centro_Saldanha_Hotel.htm
Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Hotel Avenue Casal Ribeiro 23, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 604 reviews 8.3 C$ 76 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Situated a short walk from Saldanha Metro Station, ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Hotel is a convenient base when visiting Lisbon. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary wireless inte... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.9 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 4.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 191 690 All policies Amenities at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Food can be delivered to guest accommodation TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Residencial Lord 6.3 Good Avenida Defensores De Chaves, 23, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Residencial Lord is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Saldanha Metro Station. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals A Ponte Rua Pinheiro Chagas 1, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel A Ponte is situated in Lisbon and features free wireless internet. It also offers a sun deck, a rooftop terrace and a 24-hour reception. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel White Lisboa 8.7 Excellent Avenida Da Republica 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool, Hotel White Lisboa is located in Lisbon and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a 24-hour reception. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals America Diamonds Hotel & Sushi Bar 8.5 Excellent Rua Tomás Ribeiro, 47, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated just a short stroll from Lobby Bar at Sheraton Lisboa Hotel and Spa, this historic hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. It is located in Lisbon, surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 604 verified guest reviews 8.2Solo 8.6Friends 8.4Families 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha All photos (44) Bedroom (16) Lounge (7) Bathroom (5) Other (5) Where is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.2 km Jardim Botânico1.6 km Castelo de São Jorge2.1 km Elevador de Santa Justa2.2 km Chiado Museum2.4 km Sé de Lisboa2.6 km Getting Around Lisbon Saldanha0.3 km Lisbon Picoas0.4 km Lisbon Av. da República0.8 km Lisbon Alameda1.0 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria1.1 km Lisbon Marquês Pombal1.1 km FAQs when booking at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Is pricing at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha comparable to 2 star hotels in Lisbon? Hotels in Lisbon that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 99/night, but on average, Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha is available for 25% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha for C$ 101/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Lisbon. How close is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At just 4.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha is 0h 03m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha considered pet-friendly? Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha welcomes most household pets. How close is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha from the Lisbon city center? The center of Arroios, Lisbon, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as SL Benfica Stadium, which you can get to from Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha using any means of transportation. What is the Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha phone number? You can reach the front desk of Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha at +351 213 191 690. Does Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha, Lisbon? Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 101/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 56/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha - you’ll be about 2.6 km away. Is Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha close to Estádio José Alvalade? If you want to see Estádio José Alvalade while visiting Lisbon, Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha is just 3.7 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Ibis Lisboa Centro Saldanha Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
