https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ibis_Ambassador_Myeong_dong.htm
ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Hotel 78, Namdaemun-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 405 reviews 8.2 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong This modern Seoul hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2). Featuring views of Namsan, it also provides a wide range of amenities, including free Wi-Fi, a coff... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 48.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 361 8888 All policies Amenities at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Radio Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Shampoo Free toiletries Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Sofa Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Steam room Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Hotel Skypark Central Myeongdong 8.0 Excellent 16, Myeongdong 9-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Cheonggyecheon. It also provides a rooftop terrace, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Lotte Hotel Seoul 8.8 Excellent 30, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Lotte Hotel Seoul is situated in Seoul and features complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sulwhasoo Spa and Fitness Center. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Step Inn Myeongdong 1 8.3 Excellent 15th F, 7-1 Myeongdong1-Ga, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Euljiro-1(il) ga Subway Station (Line 2), Step Inn Myeongdong 1 provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Seoul. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Solaria Nishitetsu Hotel Seoul Myeongdong 8.9 Excellent 27 Myeong-Dong 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Central Seoul, Solaria Nishitetsu Hotel Seoul Myeongdong is minutes away from Myeongdong Cathedral. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 405 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.1Couples 8.3Solo 8.3Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong All photos (32) Bedroom (6) Conference room (6) Restaurant (3) Bar (2) Where is ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.6 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.6 km Dongdaemun Market2.4 km Dongdaemun Gate2.5 km Yeouido Park6.7 km COEX Mall8.7 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.5 km Seoul Yongsan4.1 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.2 km Seoul Sangbong9.8 km FAQs when booking at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Is pricing at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Hotels in Seoul that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 143/night, but on average, ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong is available for 40% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong for C$ 114/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Seoul. How close is ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 16 km between ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong? ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong from the Seoul city center? ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong is 0.2 km away from the center of Myeong-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong by various forms of transportation. What is the ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong phone number? For questions about ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +82 (0) 26 361 8888. Does ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong have Wi-Fi available? Yes, ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong? ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong, Seoul? ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 114/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 60/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong? There is an on-site restaurant - contact ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong, Seoul. How far is ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong from Dongdaemun Gate? The popular Dongdaemun Gate is just over 2.5 km from ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong. Is ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong close to Gwanghwamun? The distance from ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong to Gwanghwamun is 1.4 km. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
