https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/ibis_London_City_Shoreditch.htm
ibis London City - Shoreditch, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 ibis London City - Shoreditch ibis London City - Shoreditch Hotel 5 Commercial Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 4,773 reviews 8.0 C$ 166 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for ibis London City - Shoreditch Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About ibis London City - Shoreditch Ibis London City - Shoreditch offers modern accommodation in London and is within a 20-minute walk of Liverpool Street Station. The numerous amenities this stylish hotel has to offer include a 24-hour... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport London City Distance to airport 8.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 422 8400 All policies Amenities at ibis London City - Shoreditch Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Adapter Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Walk-in shower Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to ibis London City - Shoreditch Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to ibis London City - Shoreditch Novotel London Tower Bridge 8.6 Excellent 10 Pepys Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in London, Novotel London Tower Bridge is within walking distance of the Tower Bridge and offers a Turkish steam bath and a sauna. It is located a short walk from Tower of London. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London 7.7 Good 7 Pepys Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Opened in 2010, DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London is located in Central London. Guests looking to sightsee during their visit can begin at the hotel, as it showcases impressive views of Tower of London, London and River Thames. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Club Quarters Hotel, Gracechurch 7.4 Good 7 Gracechurch Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This luxury hotel is situated in Central London, and offers laundry facilities, an express check-in and check-out feature and an executive floor. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Liverpool Street Station. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals The Tower Hotel 7.9 Good St Katharine's Way, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Aldgate Bus Station, The Tower Hotel London provides guests with an ideal base while visiting London. It presents views of the Tower Bridge, and overlooks the city. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for ibis London City - Shoreditch 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 4,773 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 7.9Families 8.2Couples 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of ibis London City - Shoreditch All photos (28) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (5) Bar (4) Bathroom (3) Where is ibis London City - Shoreditch Most Popular Landmarks Tower Bridge1.2 km London Bridge1.4 km Borough Market1.7 km Bloomsbury Square3.5 km London Eye3.5 km British Museum3.8 km Getting Around London Aldgate Station0.1 km London Mansell Street0.3 km London Tower Gateway0.6 km London Fenchurch Street0.6 km London Shoreditch H St0.6 km London Primrose Street0.7 km FAQs when booking at ibis London City - Shoreditch Is pricing at ibis London City - Shoreditch comparable to 3 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 306. The expected nightly rate for ibis London City - Shoreditch is around C$ 219; a price that is 47% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers ibis London City - Shoreditch to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in London. How close is ibis London City - Shoreditch to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 27 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to ibis London City - Shoreditch. The average expected drive time from ibis London City - Shoreditch to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 21m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to ibis London City - Shoreditch? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is ibis London City - Shoreditch considered pet-friendly? ibis London City - Shoreditch welcomes most household pets. How close is ibis London City - Shoreditch from the London city center? The center of Whitechapel, London, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of ibis London City - Shoreditch. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Wembley Stadium, which you can get to from ibis London City - Shoreditch using any means of transportation. What is the ibis London City - Shoreditch phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 422 8400 to talk to a ibis London City - Shoreditch front desk representative. Does ibis London City - Shoreditch have Wi-Fi available? Yes, ibis London City - Shoreditch has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at ibis London City - Shoreditch? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at ibis London City - Shoreditch. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at ibis London City - Shoreditch, London? Prices at ibis London City - Shoreditch will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 219, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 107. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at ibis London City - Shoreditch? Yes - ibis London City - Shoreditch does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does ibis London City - Shoreditch have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at ibis London City - Shoreditch. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is ibis London City - Shoreditch from Tower Bridge? Tower Bridge in London is 1.2 km away from ibis London City - Shoreditch. Is ibis London City - Shoreditch close to London Bridge? The distance from ibis London City - Shoreditch to London Bridge is 1.4 km. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 ibis London City - Shoreditch Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
