https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Imperial_Palace_Seoul.htm
Imperial Palace Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Imperial Palace Seoul Imperial Palace Seoul Hotel 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 46 reviews 8.2 C$ 756 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Imperial Palace Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Imperial Palace Seoul Imperial Palace Seoul is located under a 10-minute stroll from Gangnam-gu Office Station Subway Station (Line 7) and offers air conditioned rooms with a hydromassage shower, a mini bar and a hydro-mas... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.9 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 52.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 23 440 8000 All policies Amenities at Imperial Palace Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Fan Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Shops (on site) Room service Hypoallergenic Hot tub Indoor pool Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Kettle Air-conditioned Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Sauna Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Game room Golf Fitness centre Services Wedding services Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Health club Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Imperial Palace Seoul Top Seoul hotels Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Signiel Seoul 9.2 Excellent Lotte World Tower 76f-101f, Songpa-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Situated in Seoul, Signiel Seoul is within walking distance of Lotte World and provides an indoor pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sauna and Swimming Pool. The hotel offers guests free private parking on site, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi to make the most of throughout their stay. Amenities include facial and body treatments, plus a ballroom and 24-hour room service. It offers city views and 5-star rooms. The luxurious feel of each room at Signiel Seoul is enhanced by amenities like slippers and mini bars. They all include a desk, ironing facilities and an in-room safe. Signiel Seoul provides a range of places to dine, including BICENA and The Lounge. Dining options at the hotel include Pastry Salon and STAY. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Bar 81. Gimpo International Airport is a 55-minute drive from Signiel Seoul. It is within a 20-minute stroll of Jamsillaru Subway Station (Line 2), which allows easy access in and around Seoul. C$ 529 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Imperial Palace Seoul New Hilltop Hotel 645, Nonhyeon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Nonhyeon Subway Station (Line 7), New Hilltop Hotel offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Samjung 8.0 Excellent 150, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna, Hotel Samjung is located in Seoul and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Sinnonhyeon Subway Station (Line 9). C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Dormy Inn Seoul Gangnam 8.9 Excellent 134, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Seoul offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a 24-hour reception. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Ocloud Hotel Gangnam 8.0 Excellent 12, Sapyeong-daero 58-gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Ocloud Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Imperial Palace Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 46 verified guest reviews 10.0Families 8.0Couples 8.6Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Imperial Palace Seoul All photos (51) Bedroom (20) Bathroom (6) Pool (4) Other (3) Where is Imperial Palace Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Yeouido Park10.0 km COEX Mall2.0 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium3.3 km Dongdaemun Market6.5 km Dongdaemun Gate6.7 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool8.1 km Getting Around Seoul Sangbong10.2 km Seoul Yongsan6.5 km Seoul Bus7.2 km Seoul Cheongnyangni7.6 km FAQs when booking at Imperial Palace Seoul How close is Imperial Palace Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Imperial Palace Seoul is 21.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Imperial Palace Seoul? Imperial Palace Seoul has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Imperial Palace Seoul? Yes, Imperial Palace Seoul has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Imperial Palace Seoul from the Seoul city center? Imperial Palace Seoul is just 0.3 km away from the center of Nonhyeon-dong, Seoul. From Imperial Palace Seoul you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Imperial Palace Seoul phone number? You can reach the front desk of Imperial Palace Seoul at +82 (0) 23 440 8000. Does Imperial Palace Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Imperial Palace Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Imperial Palace Seoul? Yes, Imperial Palace Seoul has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Imperial Palace Seoul? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Imperial Palace Seoul? Yes, food can be ordered from the Imperial Palace Seoul restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Imperial Palace Seoul have a laundry service? Imperial Palace Seoul does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Imperial Palace Seoul from Jamsil Sports Complex? You can walk to Jamsil Sports Complex while staying at Imperial Palace Seoul - you’ll be about 3.3 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Imperial Palace Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
