https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Inout.htm
InOut Hostel Barcelona, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 InOut Hostel Barcelona InOut Hostel Barcelona Hostel Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain GoodBased on 2,124 reviews 7.6 C$ 21 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for InOut Hostel Barcelona Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About InOut Hostel Barcelona Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the loc... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.9 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 14.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 932 800 985 All policies Amenities at InOut Hostel Barcelona Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Packed lunches Garden view Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Privacy curtain Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Private parking Private pool Non-smoking rooms available Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Shower Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Baby safety gates Body soap Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Walk-in shower Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Tennis Indoor play area Karaoke Kids' outdoor play equipment Table tennis Playground Pool table Hiking Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to InOut Hostel Barcelona Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to InOut Hostel Barcelona Tres Torres Atiram Hotel 8.2 Excellent Carrer De Calatrava, 32-34, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel This modern Barcelona hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of La Bonanova Metro Station. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Catalonia Barcelona 505 8.0 Excellent C/ Muntaner 505, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Sant Gervasi Metro Station, Catalonia Barcelona 505 offers guests an ideal base when in Barcelona. It also offers an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals AC Hotel Victoria Suites by Marriott 8.4 Excellent Carrer De Beltran I Rozpide, 7, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 4.2 km from current hotel AC Hotel Victoria Suites A Marriott Luxury & Lifestyle Hotel is located in Barcelona and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alimara 8.3 Excellent Berruguete, 126, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 4.3 km from current hotel Situated in Barcelona, this 4-star property is modern and unique. This themed hotel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in Catalunya. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Bcnsporthostels 6.3 Good Carrer Perill, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain This Barcelona hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Diagonal Metro Station. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for InOut Hostel Barcelona 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 2,130 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.7Solo 7.3Couples 7.4Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of InOut Hostel Barcelona All photos (34) Other (8) Bedroom (7) Pool (4) Restaurant (3) Where is InOut Hostel Barcelona Most Popular Landmarks Parc Güell4.6 km Camp Nou5.1 km Passeig de Gracia6.4 km Parc de Joan Miró6.5 km Sagrada Familia6.7 km La Rambla7.7 km Getting Around Barcelona Bruxelles-Delta1058.9 km Barcelona Pl Bonanova3.5 km Barcelona Vallcarca4.1 km Barcelona Avinguda Diagonal4.4 km Barcelona Zona Universitària4.5 km Barcelona María Cristina4.5 km FAQs when booking at InOut Hostel Barcelona Is pricing at InOut Hostel Barcelona comparable to 2 star hotels in Barcelona? InOut Hostel Barcelona is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Barcelona. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 152 per night in Barcelona. InOut Hostel Barcelona will run you C$ 50 per night, which is 75% cheaper than the Barcelona average. How close is InOut Hostel Barcelona to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? There are 14.1 km between the closest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, and InOut Hostel Barcelona. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to InOut Hostel Barcelona? Getting from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to InOut Hostel Barcelona can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 15/day in Barcelona. Luckily, InOut Hostel Barcelona has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for InOut Hostel Barcelona guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Barcelona. Is there a pool at InOut Hostel Barcelona? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. InOut Hostel Barcelona has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is InOut Hostel Barcelona from the Barcelona city center? InOut Hostel Barcelona is 2.9 km away from the center of Sarria-Sant Gervasi, Barcelona. Consider visiting Placa d'Espanya, a popular landmark that can be accessed from InOut Hostel Barcelona by various forms of transportation. What is the InOut Hostel Barcelona phone number? The best way to contact InOut Hostel Barcelona is by calling +34 932 800 985. Does InOut Hostel Barcelona have Wi-Fi available? Yes, InOut Hostel Barcelona has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at InOut Hostel Barcelona? InOut Hostel Barcelona has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at InOut Hostel Barcelona, Barcelona? Prices at InOut Hostel Barcelona will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 50, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 13. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at InOut Hostel Barcelona? There is an on-site restaurant - contact InOut Hostel Barcelona for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does InOut Hostel Barcelona have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at InOut Hostel Barcelona, Barcelona. How far is InOut Hostel Barcelona from Tibidabo Amusement Park? InOut Hostel Barcelona is about 1.8 km from Tibidabo Amusement Park, one of Barcelona’s most popular landmarks. Is InOut Hostel Barcelona close to Monestir de Pedralbes? If you want to see Monestir de Pedralbes while visiting Barcelona, InOut Hostel Barcelona is just 3.3 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 InOut Hostel Barcelona Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
