https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Insadong_Crown_Hotel.htm
Insadong Crown Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Insadong Crown Hotel Insadong Crown Hotel Hotel 25, Nakwan-Dong, Jongro-gu, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 64 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Insadong Crown Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Insadong Crown Hotel Situated only a short stroll from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Insadong Crown Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to dis... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 49.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 23 676 8000 All policies Amenities at Insadong Crown Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Sauna Restaurant Bar/Lounge Disabled Access Coffee shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Services Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Insadong Crown Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Insadong Crown Hotel Hotel Biz Jongro 8.0 Excellent 7, Samil-daero 26-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Biz Jongro is situated in Seoul and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Jongmyo, Jongno Tower and Cheonggyecheon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Kuretakeso Insadong 8.3 Excellent 20-9, Insadong-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Hotel Kuretakeso Insa Dong Seoul offers complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It provides a wake-up service and a lift, and is a brief walk from Cheonggyecheon. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Icon 20, Samil-Daero 32ga-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated only a short walk from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Hotel Icon Seoul offers guests a convenient base when in Seoul. It also offers a rooftop terrace with city views. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Insadong Crown Hotel All photos (1) Shop (1) Where is Insadong Crown Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.1 km Dongdaemun Gate1.9 km Dongdaemun Market1.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.5 km Yeouido Park7.8 km COEX Mall9.1 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.7 km Seoul Yongsan5.3 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.4 km Seoul Sangbong8.9 km FAQs when booking at Insadong Crown Hotel How close is Insadong Crown Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 16.5 km drive between Insadong Crown Hotel and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Insadong Crown Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Insadong Crown Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is Insadong Crown Hotel from the Seoul city center? Insadong Crown Hotel is just 0.2 km away from the center of Ikseon-dong, Seoul. From Insadong Crown Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Insadong Crown Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Insadong Crown Hotel please call +82 (0) 23 676 8000. Does Insadong Crown Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Insadong Crown Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Insadong Crown Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Insadong Crown Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. Is there a restaurant at Insadong Crown Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Insadong Crown Hotel for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Insadong Crown Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Insadong Crown Hotel that can be used by guests. How far is Insadong Crown Hotel from Dongdaemun Gate? Insadong Crown Hotel is a walkable distance (1.9 km) from Dongdaemun Gate, Seoul. Is Insadong Crown Hotel close to Gwanghwamun? The distance from Insadong Crown Hotel to Gwanghwamun is 1 km. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Insadong Crown Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
