https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/InterContinental_Los_Angeles_Century_City_at_Beverly_Hills.htm
Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Hotel 2151 Avenue Of The Stars, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 310 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Featuring a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an infinity pool, InterContinental Los Angeles Century City at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides elegant accommodation. It features rooms t... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.9 km Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 12.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 284 6500 All policies Amenities at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Express check-out Terrace/Patio Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Gift shop EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Sauna Room service Hot tub Garden Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Beauty salon Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 930 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is ideal for guests wishing to discover Los Angeles and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 364 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills 8.9 Excellent 300 South Doheny Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers 5-star accommodation and views of the garden. C$ 957 Avg. per night View Deals Plaza la Reina 8.8 Excellent 10850 Lindbrook Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Plaza la Reina provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It is close to Westwood Memorial Park, eateries and shops. C$ 403 Avg. per night View Deals The Orlando Hotel 8384 West 3Rd Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within easy reach of the Los Angeles County Museum Of Art / LACMA and Universal Studios Hollywood. There is also a gym with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 331 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills All photos (32) Conference room (5) Bedroom (4) Living room (4) Other (3) Where is Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City1.0 km California Science Center12.4 km STAPLES Center13.4 km L.A. Live13.6 km Echo Park14.1 km Little Tokyo15.8 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus10.0 km Los Angeles Universal City10.5 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel12.2 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd12.3 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.3 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn12.6 km FAQs when booking at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills How close is Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 12.5 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 09m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills? Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills? Yes. Many people visiting Los Angeles look for a hotel with a pool. Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills from the Los Angeles city center? Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills is 0.2 km away from the center of Century City, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills by various forms of transportation. What is the Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills phone number? You can reach the front desk of Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills at +1 310 284 6500. Does Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
