https://www.apple.com/ca/ipad/
iPad - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel iPad Pro New iPad Air iPad New iPad mini Compare Apple Pencil Keyboards New Accessories iPadOS Shop iPad The Apple Shopping Event is coming. From November 25–28, get an Apple Gift Card for up to $70 when you buy an eligible iPad.◊ Get an early look iPad Introducing the all‑new iPad and iPad Pro. Watch the film New iPad Lovable. Drawable. Magical. Buy Learn more NewiPad Pro Supercharged by M2 Buy Learn more Which iPad is right for you? NewiPad Pro The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology. Buy Learn more View in AR iPad Air Serious performance in a thin and light design. Buy Learn more View in AR New iPad 10th generation The all‑new colourful iPad for the things you do every day. Buy Learn more View in AR iPad 9th generation All the essentials in the most affordable iPad. Buy Learn more View in AR iPad mini The full iPad experience designed to fit in one hand. Buy Learn more View in AR Compare all iPad models Shop iPad Give WOW. Shop the Holiday Gift Guide Limited-time offer Now pay monthly. Interest-free. Pay in convenient monthly instalments and for a limited time get 0% APR.† Financing details, including Quebec Trade in your current iPad and get credit toward a new one. With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible iPad and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet.1 Learn more Free delivery on everything Or pick up available items at an Apple Store. Learn more Financing For a limited time, get 0% APR when you pay in convenient monthly instalments.† Financing details, including Quebec Personalize it Engrave your iPad with your name or a personal note — for free. Only at Apple. Learn more iPad essentials Apple Pencil Dream it up. Jot it down. Shop Learn more Keyboards for iPad Keyboards that have you covered. Shop Learn more Accessories Explore cases, covers, keyboards, Apple Pencil, AirPods and more. Shop iPad accessories What makes an iPad an iPad? Why iPad Yes, it does that. And then some. Learn more iPadOS 16 Incredibly capable. Unmistakably iPad. Learn more about iPadOS 16 iCloud The best place for all your photos, files and more. Learn more Apple Pay The safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. Learn more Get more out of your iPad Apple One Bundle up to six Apple services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free2 Learn more Apple TV Plus Get 3 months of Apple TV+ free when you buy an iPad. Try it free3 Learn moreabout Apple TV Plus Apple Music Over 100 million songs. Start listening for free today. Try it free4 Learn more Apple Fitness Plus Fitness for everyone. From HIIT to Yoga, plus guided meditations. Try it free5 Learn more Apple Arcade Get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy an iPad. Try it free6 Learn moreabout Apple Arcade Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple News Plus Hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. One subscription. Try it free7 Learn moreabout Apple News Plus Apple Gift Card For everything and everyone. Learn moreabout Apple Gift Card Buy Apple and Education Empowering educators and students to move the world forward. Learn more Apple at Work Learn more Update to the latest version of iOS or macOS to start your Apple News+ free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer ◊ Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products from November 25 through November 28, 2022, at Apple Store locations, on apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. Customers shall receive a discount equal to the value of the Special Offer Apple Gift Card (depending on their purchase) off the price of the eligible product, but will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Special Offer Apple Gift Card. Additional restrictions apply. For full terms and conditions of offer, see apple.com/ca/promo. † 0% APR payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone purchases over $99, and iPad and Mac purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by PayBright, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Representative example based on $999 purchase: Total repayment amount of $999 paid over 24 monthly instalments of $41.62 at 0% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $0. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of purchase. Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible for credit or to trade in for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. $8.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. This offer is not available if you or someone in your Family Sharing Group has previously accepted an Apple TV+ one-year-free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device after September 7, 2022. $12.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or any members of your family have previously subscribed to Apple Fitness+. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. $5.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. $12.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese. Accessories sold separately and subject to availability.  Apple iPad Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
