https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Irwins_Mountain_Inn.htm
Irwin's Mountain Inn, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Irwin's Mountain Inn Irwin's Mountain Inn Hotel 429 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,675 reviews 7.8 C$ 131 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Irwin's Mountain Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Irwin's Mountain Inn Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 4566 All policies Amenities at Irwin's Mountain Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Ice skating Services Conference rooms Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Tour desk Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Irwin's Mountain Inn Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Irwin's Mountain Inn Red Carpet Inn 7.7 Good 425 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Red Carpet Inn Banff is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is ideal for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast 8.0 Excellent 437 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable setting while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals High Country Inn 8.6 Excellent 419 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, High Country Inn Banff is an easy drive from Canmore and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Siding 29 Lodge 8.2 Excellent 453 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Banff offers free wireless internet, as well as a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. It is ideal for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Irwin's Mountain Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,675 verified guest reviews 8.1Solo 7.8Couples 8.0Friends 7.6Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Irwin's Mountain Inn All photos (60) Bedroom (27) Building (9) Bathroom (6) Pool (6) Where is Irwin's Mountain Inn Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.0 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.3 km Sunshine Village15.4 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.2 km Upper Hot Springs3.5 km Mount Norquay5.2 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.0 km Banff Banff, Ab0.7 km Banff Mount Royal0.7 km Banff Banff Ave0.8 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.8 km Banff Luxton Museum South1.2 km FAQs when booking at Irwin's Mountain Inn Is Irwin's Mountain Inn considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Irwin's Mountain Inn are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. What is the Irwin's Mountain Inn phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Irwin's Mountain Inn please call +1 403 762 4566. Does Irwin's Mountain Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Irwin's Mountain Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Irwin's Mountain Inn? Yes, Irwin's Mountain Inn has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Irwin's Mountain Inn? Irwin's Mountain Inn check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Irwin's Mountain Inn, Banff? C$ 91 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Irwin's Mountain Inn, with average deals around C$ 168 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Irwin's Mountain Inn? Irwin's Mountain Inn does have a restaurant. Does Irwin's Mountain Inn have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Irwin's Mountain Inn that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Irwin's Mountain Inn from Banff Park Museum? Irwin's Mountain Inn is about 1 km from Banff Park Museum, one of Banff’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Irwin's Mountain Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
