https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/J5_Hotels_Bur_Dubai.htm
J5 Hotels Bur Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 J5 Hotels Bur Dubai J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Hotel Rolla Street 15710, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 918 reviews 7.5 C$ 80 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Featuring a sauna and a rooftop pool, Imperial Suites Hotel Dubai is located in Dubai and provides modern accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Dubai Creek and Burjuman. There are a... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.9 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 7.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4351 5100 All policies Amenities at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Spa and wellness centre Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Minibar Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Toothbrush Sauna Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Night club Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel 6.0 Good Po Box 14703, Al Mankhool Road, Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Burjuman (Dubai Metro), Panorama Bur Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when in Dubai. The numerous facilities this modern hotel has to offer include 24-hour room service, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Omega Hotel Dubai 7.5 Good Al Mankhool Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Omega Hotel Dubai provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a swimming pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Savoy Suites Hotel Apartments 7.9 Good Mankhool 12 A Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Savoy Suites Hotel Apartment Dubai provides modern 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a sauna, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Downtown Dubai 8.5 Excellent Mankhool Road, 4C Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a rooftop pool. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for J5 Hotels Bur Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 918 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.4Couples 7.6Solo 7.0Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of J5 Hotels Bur Dubai All photos (1) Building (1) Where is J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Dubai Museum0.8 km Al Karama1.5 km Dubai Gold Souk1.7 km Gold Souq1.9 km Meydan Racecourse10.8 km Al Ghurair Centre2.7 km Getting Around Dubai Np0.1 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station1.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.7 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station24.6 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach24.9 km FAQs when booking at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Is pricing at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai comparable to 3 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai is 35% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai is typically C$ 128, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is J5 Hotels Bur Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 7.2 km between J5 Hotels Bur Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 05m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to J5 Hotels Bur Dubai? Getting from Dubai Intl Airport to J5 Hotels Bur Dubai can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 61/day in Dubai. Luckily, J5 Hotels Bur Dubai has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai? Yes, J5 Hotels Bur Dubai has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is J5 Hotels Bur Dubai from the Dubai city center? J5 Hotels Bur Dubai is just 2.2 km away from the center of Al Mina, Dubai. From J5 Hotels Bur Dubai you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the J5 Hotels Bur Dubai phone number? For questions about J5 Hotels Bur Dubai and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4351 5100. Does J5 Hotels Bur Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, J5 Hotels Bur Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai? The standard check-out time at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 128 per night to stay at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 60 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at J5 Hotels Bur Dubai? There is an on-site restaurant - contact J5 Hotels Bur Dubai for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does J5 Hotels Bur Dubai have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is J5 Hotels Bur Dubai from Gold Souq? J5 Hotels Bur Dubai is a walkable distance (1.9 km) from Gold Souq, Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 J5 Hotels Bur Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
