https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/J5_RIMAL_Hotel_Apartments.htm
J5 Rimal - Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 J5 Rimal - Dubai J5 Rimal - Dubai Aparthotel Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 2,259 reviews 8.5 C$ 125 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for J5 Rimal - Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About J5 Rimal - Dubai Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. The... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.1 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4268 8000 All policies Amenities at J5 Rimal - Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Rooftop pool Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Free toiletries Room service Jacuzzi Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Microwave Snack bar Outdoor pool Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Bar/Lounge Express check-out Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Children's high chair Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Health club 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to J5 Rimal - Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to J5 Rimal - Dubai Hyatt Place Dubai Al Rigga 7.9 Good Al Rigga Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Deira, Hyatt Place Dubai / Al Rigga offers 4-star accommodation and a sulfur pool, a Finnish sauna and a mineral bath. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Monaco Hotel 7.0 Good Abu Baker Al Sidique Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Monaco Hotel Dubai provides 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Aravi Hotel 6.6 Good 45c St, Al Rigga Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Modern and cosy, Avari Dubai Hotel is located in Dubai and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Orchid Hotel 7.5 Good Al Riqqa Road, Deira (P.O.Box 14042), Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Hotel Orchid is within a 15-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a swimming pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf 8.6 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Marriott Executive Apartments Dubai Al Jaddaf offers 5-star accommodation in Dubai. Guests have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for J5 Rimal - Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 2,259 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 8.6Couples 8.3Friends 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 8.5 Great Anonymous, Nov. 2019 car parking is little tight R 8.5 Great RASHED, Jan. 2018 nice service small basement parking and narrow J 9.5 Excellent Joshua, Nov. 2017 Super Awesome Stay...! :) M 10.0 Excellent mohammed , May 2017 everything is perfect Photos of J5 Rimal - Dubai All photos (48) Bedroom (13) Living room (4) Pool (4) Restaurant (4) Where is J5 Rimal - Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre1.0 km Deira City Centre1.4 km Meydan Racecourse11.8 km Al Karama2.7 km Gold Souq2.9 km Dubai Museum3.0 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.5 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.0 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.4 km Dubai Np3.4 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.9 km FAQs when booking at J5 Rimal - Dubai Is pricing at J5 Rimal - Dubai comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at J5 Rimal - Dubai will generally be 70% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at J5 Rimal - Dubai, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 145/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 4-stars hotel. How close is J5 Rimal - Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 4 km between J5 Rimal - Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to J5 Rimal - Dubai? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at J5 Rimal - Dubai where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for J5 Rimal - Dubai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at J5 Rimal - Dubai? Yes, J5 Rimal - Dubai has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is J5 Rimal - Dubai from the Dubai city center? J5 Rimal - Dubai is just 1.7 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From J5 Rimal - Dubai you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the J5 Rimal - Dubai phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at J5 Rimal - Dubai please call +971 4268 8000. Does J5 Rimal - Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, J5 Rimal - Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at J5 Rimal - Dubai? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of J5 Rimal - Dubai. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at J5 Rimal - Dubai? The standard check-out time at J5 Rimal - Dubai is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at J5 Rimal - Dubai, Dubai? A good deal at J5 Rimal - Dubai right now is between C$ 87 and C$ 145 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at J5 Rimal - Dubai? There is a restaurant located in J5 Rimal - Dubai. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does J5 Rimal - Dubai have a laundry service? J5 Rimal - Dubai does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is J5 Rimal - Dubai from Gold Souq? J5 Rimal - Dubai is a good place to stay to see Gold Souq. It’s 2.9 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 J5 Rimal - Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
