https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Jesmond_Dene_Hotel.htm
Jesmond Dene Hotel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Jesmond Dene Hotel Jesmond Dene Hotel Hotel 31 Argyle Street, London, United Kingdom OkayBased on 5 reviews 5.6 C$ 174 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Jesmond Dene Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Jesmond Dene Hotel Jesmond Dene Hotel is set in Central London and is a short stroll from Camley Street Natural Park and the British Library. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 5.6 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 837 4654 All policies Amenities at Jesmond Dene Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Airport shuttle (surcharge) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Shuttle service All amenities Hotels Similar to Jesmond Dene Hotel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Jesmond Dene Hotel Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman London St Pancras 8.5 Excellent 100-110 Euston Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in London, Pullman London St Pancras offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the British Library. It also provides an executive floor, a sauna and a ballroom. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Studios2Let 7.7 Good London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in London, Studios 2 Let Apartments London offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the British Library. It is surrounded by a variety of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Euston Bus Station. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles London Walthamstow 543 - 586 Lea Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 11.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Ibis Styles London Walthamstow Hotel is situated in London and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Jesmond Dene Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.6 PassableBased on 5 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 2.0Friends 6.0Solo 6.2Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Jesmond Dene Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (31) Bathroom (8) Building (4) Kitchen (4) Where is Jesmond Dene Hotel Most Popular Landmarks British Museum1.1 km Bloomsbury Square1.1 km Oxford Circus2.0 km Leicester Square2.1 km Piccadilly Circus2.2 km Trafalgar Square2.4 km Getting Around London King's Cross0.2 km London St Pancras0.3 km London Euston0.7 km London Russel Square0.8 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.4 km London Hilton London Angel Islington1.5 km FAQs when booking at Jesmond Dene Hotel Is pricing at Jesmond Dene Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in London? There is a 48% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in London and the average nightly rate at Jesmond Dene Hotel. The rate at Jesmond Dene Hotel is just C$ 216/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in London. How close is Jesmond Dene Hotel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With no traffic, the 23.9 km drive between Jesmond Dene Hotel and London Heathrow Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 18m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Jesmond Dene Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Jesmond Dene Hotel from the London city center? Jesmond Dene Hotel is 0.3 km away from the center of St. Pancras, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Jesmond Dene Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Jesmond Dene Hotel phone number? For questions about Jesmond Dene Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +44 207 837 4654. Does Jesmond Dene Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Jesmond Dene Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Jesmond Dene Hotel? Jesmond Dene Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Jesmond Dene Hotel, London? Prices at Jesmond Dene Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 216, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 130. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Jesmond Dene Hotel from London Bridge? Jesmond Dene Hotel is a good place to stay to see London Bridge. It’s 3.4 km away. Is Jesmond Dene Hotel close to Nobu Portman Square? Jesmond Dene Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Nobu Portman Square, which is 2.8 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Jesmond Dene Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
