https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Johnston_Canyon_Lodge_Bungalows.htm
Johnston Canyon Resort, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Johnston Canyon Resort Johnston Canyon Resort Resort Hwy 1A, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 569 reviews 7.4 C$ 242 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Johnston Canyon Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Johnston Canyon Resort Situated in Banff, Johnston Canyon Lodge & Bungalows is an easy drive from Castle Junction and offers outdoor tennis courts and a rooftop terrace. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrou... More Good to Know To Downtown 20.5 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 127.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2971 All policies Amenities at Johnston Canyon Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Hypoallergenic Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Microwave Snack bar Sofa Sofa bed Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Blu-ray player Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen Designated smoking area Private entrance DVD player Show more Activities Outdoor tennis Hiking Eco tourism Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fishing Cycling Horse riding Services Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to Johnston Canyon Resort Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Johnston Canyon Resort Sunshine Mountain Lodge 8.6 Excellent Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 16.3 km from current hotel Sunshine Mountain Lodge provides a luxury setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 389 Avg. per night View Deals The Juniper Hotel 7.9 Good 1 Juniper Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 18.8 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this trendy hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It presents views of Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site, and overlooks the mountains. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 20.0 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Park Lodge 7.9 Good 222 Lynx Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 20.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Banff Park Lodge is an easy drive from Canmore and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is an excellent base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Johnston Canyon Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 569 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.4Couples 7.9Solo 7.3Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Johnston Canyon Resort All photos (47) Bedroom (9) Outdoors view (8) Other (7) Building (6) Where is Johnston Canyon Resort Most Popular Landmarks Mount Norquay15.3 km Sunshine Village15.5 km Banff Park Museum20.5 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens20.7 km Upper Hot Springs22.2 km Banff Springs Golf Club22.7 km Getting Around Banff Banff, Ab19.8 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn20.4 km Banff Luxton Museum South20.4 km Banff Mount Royal20.4 km Banff Ywca20.7 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge20.9 km FAQs when booking at Johnston Canyon Resort Is Johnston Canyon Resort considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Johnston Canyon Resort during their stay. How close is Johnston Canyon Resort from the Banff city center? Johnston Canyon Resort is 20.5 km away from Banff. Consider visiting Banff Park Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Johnston Canyon Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Johnston Canyon Resort phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Johnston Canyon Resort please call +1 403 762 2971. Does Johnston Canyon Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Johnston Canyon Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Johnston Canyon Resort? Johnston Canyon Resort check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Is there a restaurant at Johnston Canyon Resort? There is a restaurant located in Johnston Canyon Resort. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Johnston Canyon Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
