https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Jood_Palace_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Jood Palace Hotel Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Hotel Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 40 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.6 km Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4223 2222 All policies Amenities at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Sauna Room service Free parking Hot tub 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Business centre Beauty salon Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Airport shuttle Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Carlton Palace Hotel 6.7 Good Al Maktoum Street, P.O, Box 56262, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated close to Salah Al Din Metro Station, Carlton Palace Hotel Dubai offers guests an ideal base when in Dubai. Some of the facilities provided at this relaxed 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Signature Inn 4.0 Okay Al Riqqa Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern Dubai hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Orchid Hotel 7.5 Good Al Riqqa Road, Deira (P.O.Box 14042), Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Hotel Orchid is within a 15-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a swimming pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Aravi Hotel 6.6 Good 45c St, Al Rigga Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Modern and cosy, Avari Dubai Hotel is located in Dubai and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Jood Palace Hotel Dubai All photos (22) Bedroom (7) Conference room (3) Living room (3) Gym (2) Where is Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre0.8 km Deira City Centre1.4 km Meydan Racecourse11.5 km Al Karama2.2 km Dubai Museum2.5 km Gold Souq2.5 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.3 km Dubai Np2.9 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station26.9 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.4 km FAQs when booking at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai How close is Jood Palace Hotel Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 4.4 km between Jood Palace Hotel Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Jood Palace Hotel Dubai? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Jood Palace Hotel Dubai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. How close is Jood Palace Hotel Dubai from the Dubai city center? Jood Palace Hotel Dubai is just 2 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From Jood Palace Hotel Dubai you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the Jood Palace Hotel Dubai phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4223 2222 to talk to a Jood Palace Hotel Dubai front desk representative. Does Jood Palace Hotel Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai? Jood Palace Hotel Dubai has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai? Yes, food can be ordered from the Jood Palace Hotel Dubai restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Jood Palace Hotel Dubai have a laundry service? Jood Palace Hotel Dubai does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Jood Palace Hotel Dubai from Gold Souq? You can walk to Gold Souq while staying at Jood Palace Hotel Dubai - you’ll be about 2.5 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
