https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/JW_Marriott_Dongdaemun_Square_Seoul.htm
JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Hotel 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 320 reviews 8.4 C$ 296 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.7 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Seoul Gimpo Intl Distance to airport 18.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 276 3000 All policies Amenities at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Child pool Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Slippers Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Horse riding Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Uljiro Co-Op Residence 8.1 Excellent 246, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located amongst a range of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and eateries, Uljiro Co-op Residence is ideal for those wanting to discover Seoul and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Seoul Dongdaemun 7.9 Good 354, Dongho-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Ramada Seoul Dongdaemun is situated in Seoul and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Dongdaemun I 8.2 Excellent 335, Dongho-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Seoul, and offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. It also provides a laundry service, a business centre and laundry facilities. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This modern hotel in Seoul provides free Wi-Fi, as well as a butler service and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the The Spa Grand Hyatt Seoul and Club Olympus. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 320 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.2Families 8.0Solo 8.4Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul All photos (56) Bedroom (13) Other (9) Lounge (5) Banquet hall (5) Where is JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Gate0.1 km Dongdaemun Market0.2 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool11.7 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.9 km COEX Mall7.7 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium8.3 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni3.7 km Seoul Bus3.8 km Seoul Yongsan6.0 km Seoul Sangbong7.4 km FAQs when booking at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Is pricing at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul comparable to 5 star hotels in Seoul? Hotels in Seoul that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 609/night, but on average, JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul is available for 63% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul for C$ 308/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Seoul. How close is JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 18.3 km drive between JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul and Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 14m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul? For the most freedom while visiting Seoul, consider renting a car for about C$ 128/day and parking it at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul? Yes, JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul from the Seoul city center? The center of Changsin-dong, Seoul, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul using any means of transportation. What is the JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 22 276 3000. Does JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul. What is the check-out time at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul? JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul, Seoul? Prices at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 308, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 232. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul? Yes, food can be ordered from the JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul have a laundry service? JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul from Dongdaemun Gate? JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul is about 0.1 km from Dongdaemun Gate, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Is JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 2.9 km between Gwanghwamun and JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
