https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/K_Guesthouse_Insadong_2_Myeongdong.htm
K-Guesthouse Insadong 2, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Hotel 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 35 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popula... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 707 788 3399 All policies Amenities at K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Express check-out Hairdryer Storage available Services Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Hotel Sky The Classic 388-5, Samil-Daero, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this motel is within easy walking distance of Jongno Tower. It is close to Cheonggyecheon, eateries and shops. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Centermark Hotel Seoul 8.5 Excellent 38, Insadong 5-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Center Mark Hotel Myeongdong Seoul is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It provides city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Aventree Jongno 8.2 Excellent 46, Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Hotel Aventree Jongno provides guests with an ideal base while in Seoul. It is located a brief walk from Gwanghwamun, Cheonggyecheon and Gwanghwamun Plaza. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Kuretakeso Insadong 8.3 Excellent 20-9, Insadong-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Hotel Kuretakeso Insa Dong Seoul offers complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It provides a wake-up service and a lift, and is a brief walk from Cheonggyecheon. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.1 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.6 km Dongdaemun Market2.2 km Dongdaemun Gate2.3 km Yeouido Park7.2 km COEX Mall9.0 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.1 km Seoul Yongsan4.7 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.9 km Seoul Sangbong9.4 km FAQs when booking at K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 How close is K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 is 16.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to K-Guesthouse Insadong 2? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 from the Seoul city center? K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 is just 0.2 km away from the center of Gwancheol-dong, Seoul. From K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 707 788 3399. Does K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 have Wi-Fi available? Yes, K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at K-Guesthouse Insadong 2? K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. Does K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 that can be used by guests. How far is K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 from Dongdaemun Gate? Dongdaemun Gate in Seoul is 2.3 km away from K-Guesthouse Insadong 2. Is K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 is just 1 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
