https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Kapolei-vacation-rentals.htm
Kapolei, Hawaii Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Kapolei, HI Search and compare Kapolei, HI vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Kapolei, O'ahu, HI, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Kapolei, O'ahu, HI, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Kapolei Hotels 498 Kapolei Vacation Rentals 446 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Kapolei Cheapest month: April Most expensive month: February Average price in Kapolei: C$ 618/night Cheapest price found: C$ 133/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 133 - C$ 1,088 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 246 - C$ 768 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Kapolei, Hawaii Show all 498 hotels Castle Waikiki Shore 8.2 Excellent Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.3 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Honolulu property is situated just a few steps from Waikiki Beach. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 339 Avg. per night View Deals Where to stay in Kapolei Hotels in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kīhei Kaanapali Wahiawā Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Vacation rentals in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Facts about staying in Kapolei How much does a vacation rental in Kapolei cost? Kapolei vacation rentals are C$ 619/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, February is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Kapolei, and April is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 133/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 540/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Kapolei vacation rental? Castle Waikiki Shore has a 8.2 rating from 406 users, making it the best Kapolei vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Honolulu Airport? It’s only 10.8 km from Honolulu Airport to Castle Waikiki Shore (the nearest Kapolei vacation rental to the airport). What part of Kapolei is best to stay in? Waikiki is the best part of Kapolei to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Kapolei vacation rentals, 65% of them looked for stays in the Waikiki neighbourhood in the last year. The Castle Waikiki Shore happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Waikiki neighbourhood of Kapolei. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Kapolei near Ko Olina Marina? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Ko Olina Marina while in Kapolei, then the most popular is Castle Waikiki Shore with a 8.2/10 review score from 406 users. The distance from Ko Olina Marina to Castle Waikiki Shore is 30.4 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Kapolei? Yes, there are 46 Resort vacation rentals in Kapolei. According to our data, Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Kapolei Hotels 498 Kapolei Vacation Rentals 446 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
