https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Keikyu_EX_Inn_Akihabara.htm
Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Hotel 2-1 Akihabara, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 94 reviews 8.2 C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara The Keikyu EX Inn Akihabara offers 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Akihabara Railway Station. The hotel provides a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.3 km Rating 8.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 893 910 All policies Amenities at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Bidet Body soap Hairdryer Linens Towels Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Carpeted Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Shampoo Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Smoke alarms Pyjamas Heating Pants press Shower Trash cans TV Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Slippers Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Socket near the bed Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Drying rack for clothing Storage available Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying 24-hour security Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Ueno Okachimachi 7.7 Good 2-4-4 Kojima, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Hotel Villa Fontaine Tokyo-Ueno Okachimachi provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It also features luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and laundry facilities. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Ochanomizu Conference Center 8.1 Excellent 2-10-6, Kandaawajicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Akihabara Railway Station, HOTEL MYSTAYS Ochanomizu Conference Center is an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Sardonyx Ueno 8.4 Excellent 6-6-7 Ueno, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Ueno Zoo Monorail, Hotel Sardonyx Ueno offers guests a convenient base while in Tokyo. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Asakusabashi 8.2 Excellent 1-5-5, Asakusabashi, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Taito, Hotel Mystays Asakusa-bashi offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, massage services and a 24-hour reception. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a dry cleaning service, a safe and laundry facilities. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 94 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.9Couples 6.9Families 9.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara All photos (13) Room amenity (4) Bedroom (3) Building (2) Bathroom (1) Where is Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town0.4 km Ueno Koen1.5 km Tokyo Dome2.1 km Senso-ji2.4 km Asakusa Jinja2.5 km Ginza Mitsukoshi3.5 km Getting Around Tokyo Ueno1.3 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube1.8 km Tokyo2.4 km Tokyo2.5 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.9 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal5.7 km FAQs when booking at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Is pricing at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 288 per night in Tokyo. Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara will run you C$ 75 per night, which is 81% cheaper than the Tokyo average. How close is Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara is 17 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara from the Tokyo city center? Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara is 0.8 km away from the center of Ueno, Tokyo. Consider visiting Asakusa Jinja, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara by various forms of transportation. What is the Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara please call +81 352 893 910. Does Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara? 10:00 AM is the check-out time at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara, Tokyo? Prices at Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 75, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 37. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara have a laundry service? Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara from Tokyo Dome? Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara is a good place to stay to see Tokyo Dome. It’s 2.1 km away. Is Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara close to Akihabara Electric Town? If you want to see Akihabara Electric Town while visiting Tokyo, Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara is just 0.4 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Keikyu Ex Inn Akihabara Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
