https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Kensington_College_Backpackers.htm
Kensington College Backpackers, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Kensington College Backpackers Kensington College Backpackers Hotel 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 43 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Kensington College Backpackers Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Kensington College Backpackers Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 10.0 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 929 4777 All policies Amenities at Kensington College Backpackers Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Refrigerator Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Activities Bicycle rental Services Business centre Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Kensington College Backpackers Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 734 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 587 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 560 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Kensington College Backpackers Planet Traveler Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Two Peas Pod Hostel 403 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This hostel is located in Downtown Toronto, and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Travellers Home 4.0 Okay 588 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Downtown Toronto, Toronto Travellers Home is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including The Grange and Spadina Avenue. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Super 8 by Wyndham Downtown Toronto 222 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Super 8 by Wyndham Downtown Toronto provides easy access to Toronto's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It has a day spa, as well as massage services, a swimming pool and a sauna. C$ 719 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 172 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 734 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 346 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Kensington College Backpackers 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review 10.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Kensington College Backpackers All photos (34) Bedroom (12) Kitchen (6) Dining room (3) Front desk (2) Where is Kensington College Backpackers Most Popular Landmarks Bloor Street West Annex1.0 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.8 km Downsview Park11.3 km Rogers Centre2.0 km CN Tower2.0 km Massey Hall2.0 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus1.5 km Toronto Weston10.0 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.2 km Toronto Downsview Park12.3 km Toronto Bishop Avenue13.9 km Toronto York University15.0 km FAQs when booking at Kensington College Backpackers How close is Kensington College Backpackers to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and Kensington College Backpackers is 17.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Kensington College Backpackers? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Kensington College Backpackers guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is Kensington College Backpackers from the Toronto city center? Kensington College Backpackers is 0.6 km away from the center of Chinatown, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Kensington College Backpackers by various forms of transportation. What is the Kensington College Backpackers phone number? You can reach the front desk of Kensington College Backpackers at +1 416 929 4777. Does Kensington College Backpackers have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Kensington College Backpackers has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Kensington College Backpackers? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. Does Kensington College Backpackers have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Kensington College Backpackers. How far is Kensington College Backpackers from Rogers Centre? Kensington College Backpackers is a walkable distance (2 km) from Rogers Centre, Toronto. Is Kensington College Backpackers close to Royal Ontario Museum? Walking distance - there’s 1.4 km between Royal Ontario Museum and Kensington College Backpackers. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Kensington College Backpackers Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
