https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Khan.htm
Khan Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Khan Hotel Khan Hotel Hotel 74, Beodeunaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Khan Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Khan Hotel Situated within walking distance of National Assembly Subway Station (Line 9), Hotel Khan offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. More Good to Know To Downtown 7.6 km Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 7.6 km Policies Check-in time 6:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 679 1900 All policies Amenities at Khan Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Terrace/Patio Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Services Ticket service Business centre Concierge service All amenities Hotels Similar to Khan Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Khan Hotel The State Sunyu 8.6 Excellent 132, Yangpyeong-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Just a minute's walk from Seonyudo Subway Station (Line 9), The State Sunyu Hotel is an ideal place to stay while visiting Seoul. It also provides free private parking on site and Hongdae Area is a short car trip away. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Han River Seoul 11 Yangpyeong-ro 28-Gil, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel TOV Hotel & Residence offers a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals L7 Hongdae By Lotte 8.5 Excellent 141, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Situated in Mapo-gu, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE is a short walk from Hongdae Area and provides a swimming pool. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck, an infinity pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Khan Hotel All photos (14) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (2) Living room (1) Where is Khan Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Yeouido Park1.2 km Dongdaemun Market10.0 km Dongdaemun Gate10.2 km COEX Mall13.1 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium14.4 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool19.1 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni13.8 km Seoul Sangbong17.4 km Seoul Yongsan4.9 km Seoul Bus6.3 km FAQs when booking at Khan Hotel How close is Khan Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 10.6 km between Khan Hotel and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Khan Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Seoul, consider renting a car for about C$ 128/day and parking it at Khan Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Khan Hotel from the Seoul city center? Khan Hotel is just 0.7 km away from the center of Yeongdeungpo-dong, Seoul. From Khan Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Khan Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Khan Hotel at +82 (0) 22 679 1900. Does Khan Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Khan Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Khan Hotel? The standard check-out time at Khan Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 6:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Does Khan Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Khan Hotel. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Khan Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
