https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Kimchee_Guesthouse_Hongdae.htm
Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Guest house 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea OkayBased on 12 reviews 4.7 C$ 19 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage ... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.1 km Rating 4.7 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 43.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 082 6059 All policies Amenities at Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Storage available Services Conference rooms Ticket service Tour desk Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Uwa Guesthouse 9.0 Excellent 96, World Cup Buk-ro 6-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, UWA Guesthouse is a short drive from Namdaemun Market and Gyeongbokgung Palace. It also provides a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals L7 Hongdae By Lotte 8.5 Excellent 141, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Mapo-gu, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE is a short walk from Hongdae Area and provides a swimming pool. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck, an infinity pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon 8.9 Excellent 8-3, Sinchon-ro 3ga-Gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Sinchon Subway Station (Line 2), Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.7 MediocreBased on 12 verified guest reviews 6.8Families 3.2Friends 3.9Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae All photos (44) Bedroom (15) Other (14) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Most Popular Landmarks COEX Mall13.2 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium14.3 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool18.7 km Yeouido Park3.6 km Gyeongbokgung Palace5.5 km Dongdaemun Market7.9 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni11.6 km Seoul Sangbong15.2 km Seoul Bus4.5 km Seoul Yongsan5.1 km FAQs when booking at Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae How close is Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At just 10.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Seoul. How close is Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae from the Seoul city center? The center of Seogyo-dong, Seoul, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae using any means of transportation. What is the Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 26 082 6059 to talk to a Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae front desk representative. Does Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae? Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Does Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae have a laundry service? Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
