https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/King_Edward_Hotel_Banff.htm
King Edward Hotel, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 King Edward Hotel King Edward Hotel Hotel 137 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada C$ 336 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for King Edward Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About King Edward Hotel King Edward Hotel Banff provides a comfortable setting when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff N... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 985 3734 All policies Amenities at King Edward Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Parking Hairdryer Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Activities Hiking Services Ticket service Ski pass vendor Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to King Edward Hotel Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 492 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to King Edward Hotel Mount Royal Hotel 8.4 Excellent 138 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful retreat. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Brewster's Mountain Lodge 8.3 Excellent 208 Caribou Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Park Lodge 7.9 Good 222 Lynx Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, Banff Park Lodge is an easy drive from Canmore and features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is an excellent base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Located in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a relaxing retreat. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of King Edward Hotel All photos (10) Bedroom (5) Living room (2) Front desk (1) Hallway (1) Where is King Edward Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.3 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens0.6 km Sunshine Village14.8 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.3 km Upper Hot Springs2.9 km Mount Norquay5.2 km Getting Around Banff Mount Royal0.0 km Banff Ywca0.5 km Banff Luxton Museum South0.6 km Banff Banff, Ab0.7 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.7 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge0.9 km FAQs when booking at King Edward Hotel What is the King Edward Hotel phone number? The best way to contact King Edward Hotel is by calling +1 403 985 3734. Does King Edward Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, King Edward Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at King Edward Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at King Edward Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the King Edward Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does King Edward Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is King Edward Hotel from Banff Park Museum? The popular Banff Park Museum is just over 0.3 km from King Edward Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 King Edward Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
