https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Kissimmee-vacation-rentals.htm
Kissimmee, Florida Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Kissimmee, FL Search and compare Kissimmee, FL vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Kissimmee, FL, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Kissimmee, FL, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Kissimmee Hotels 17,909 Kissimmee Vacation Rentals 16,428 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Kissimmee Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Berkley Lake Townhomes 8.7 Excellent Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 5.1 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 676 reviews 8.7 This modern 3-star resort is located in Kissimmee and includes a private beach. It also features outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Magical Memories Villas 5000 Laguna Bay Circle, Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States Magical Memories Villas offers 3-star accommodation in Orlando. Guests have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. View Deals All 17,909 vacation rentals in Kissimmee Tips for booking vacation rentals in Kissimmee Cheapest month: June Most expensive month: July Average price in Kissimmee: C$ 293/night Cheapest price found: C$ 57/night Cheapest day: Friday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 58 - C$ 633 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 167 - C$ 612 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Where to stay in Kissimmee Hotels in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Sunny Isles Beach Show more Vacation rentals in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Show more Facts about staying in Kissimmee How much does a vacation rental in Kissimmee cost? Kissimmee vacation rentals are C$ 293/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, July is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Kissimmee, and June is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 58/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 260/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Kissimmee vacation rental? Berkley Lake Townhomes has a 8.7 rating from 676 users, making it the best Kissimmee vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Orlando Airport? It’s only 21.5 km from Orlando Airport to Berkley Lake Townhomes (the nearest Kissimmee vacation rental to the airport). What’s the most popular vacation rental in Kissimmee near Old Town? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Old Town while in Kissimmee, then the most popular is Berkley Lake Townhomes with a 8.7/10 review score from 676 users. The distance from Old Town to Berkley Lake Townhomes is 5.8 km. Are there Kissimmee vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 2 Kissimmee vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Berkley Lake Townhomes is the most popular vacation rental in Kissimmee that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Kissimmee? Yes, there are 504 Resort vacation rentals in Kissimmee. According to our data, Maingate Lakeside Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Kissimmee Hotels 17,909 Kissimmee Vacation Rentals 16,428 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
