https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Koh_Samui-vacation-rentals.htm
Koh Samui, Thailand Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Koh Samui, Thailand Search and compare Koh Samui, Thailand vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Koh Samui, Thailand 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Koh Samui, Thailand Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 South Thailand Hotels 24,411 Surat Thani Hotels 7,040 Koh Samui Hotels 4,597 Koh Samui Vacation Rentals 3,235 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Koh Samui Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Chaweng Noi Pool Villa 7.8 Good Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand GoodBased on 178 reviews 7.8 Chaweng Noi Pool Villa is set on Koh Samui and offers 3.5-star facilities in addition to free Wi-Fi. The property offers a swimming pool, as well as villas with private terraces. View Deals Chaweng Apartment 8.1 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 15 reviews 8.1 Set within the scenic countryside of Chaweng, Chaweng Apartment provides comfortable accommodation and a wide range of facilities, including an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a designated smoking area. It is conveniently close to Samui International Airport, which is a 10-minute drive away. View Deals Baan Seaview Holiday Villas 8.8 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 5.1 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 75 reviews 8.8 Set within the picturesque countryside of Maret, Baan Seaview Holiday Villas provides comfortable accommodation and a full range of facilities, including free Wi-Fi, an airport shuttle and an outdoor pool. It also offers a garden and a terrace. View Deals Tango Luxe Beach Villa Samui 9.1 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 218 reviews 9.1 Tango Luxe Beach Villa Samui is located on Koh Samui, and provides 4-star accommodation as well as a private beach. There is also a gym with an infinity pool. View Deals Magic suites 9.1 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 5.1 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 83 reviews 9.1 Set within the picturesque countryside of Bo Phut, magic one suites offers comfortable accommodation and a wide range of facilities, such as a designated smoking area, a car rental desk and an airport shuttle. It is also a short drive from Chaweng Beach and Choeng Mon Beach. View Deals Replay Residence Samui 7.0 Good Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand GoodBased on 9 reviews 7.0 Located in Bo Phut, Replay Residence Samui is an easy drive from Chaweng and offers outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and a sauna. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. View Deals Paradise Island Estate 8.9 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 137 reviews 8.9 Paradise Island Estate is set on Koh Samui and provides 4-star facilities as well as a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. View Deals Amenity Apartel Samui 8.8 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 40 reviews 8.8 Located within the scenic countryside of Maret, Amenity Apartel Samui provides modern accommodation and a wide range of facilities, including massage services, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. The various amenities this unique property offers include a currency exchange, a tour desk and luggage storage. View Deals Samui Caravans Hill Camp 9.3 Excellent 122/45, Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 13.5 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 59 reviews 9.3 Situated in Na Mueang, Samui Caravans Hill Camp is an easy drive from Maret and provides massage services, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. It also offers an airport shuttle, a car rental desk and room service. View Deals Samui Boat Lagoon 8.7 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand ExcellentBased on 257 reviews 8.7 Samui Boat Lagoon is situated on Koh Samui, and offers 4-star facilities, including a private beach. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Bo Phut. View Deals All 4,597 vacation rentals in Koh Samui Cheapest vacation rentals in Koh Samui, Thailand Show all 4,597 hotels Infinity Bophut Apartments 7.9 Good Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand Located within the scenic countryside of Bo Phut, Infinity Bophut Apartments provides comfortable accommodation and a wide range of facilities, including free Wi-Fi, a safe and an outdoor pool. It also features a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Three Trees Samui Resort - Sarocha Villa 8.9 Excellent Maret, Thailand Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Maret, Thailand Featuring an outdoor pool and a private beach, Three Trees Samui Resort - Sarocha Villa is located in Maret and provides cosy accommodation. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Tranquil Residence 3 8.0 Excellent Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 7.5 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand Situated in Maret, Tranquil Residence 3 - Luxury Apartment is an easy drive from Bo Phut and provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an airport shuttle and an outdoor pool. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Kanda Residences Pool Villas Koh Samui, Thailand Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Koh Samui, Thailand Located in Bo Phut, Kanda Residences Samui is a short drive from the Big Buddha and provides on-site parking. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned villas. C$ 649 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Koh Samui 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Samui Caravans Hill Camp 122/45, Koh Samui, Thailand 9.3 C$ 11 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Koh Samui Vacation rentals in popular Thailand cities Bangkok Pattaya Patong Chiang Mai Koh Samui Ko Phi Phi Karon Krabi Ko Samet Phuket City Show more Hotels in popular Thailand cities Bangkok Pattaya Patong Chiang Mai Ko Phi Phi Karon Krabi Ko Samet Phuket City Kanchanaburi Show more Hotels in popular Koh Samui neighbourhoods Lipa Noi, Koh Samui vacation rentals Mae Nam, Koh Samui vacation rentals Taling Ngam, Koh Samui vacation rentals Bo Phut, Koh Samui vacation rentals Ang Thong, Koh Samui vacation rentals Facts about staying in Koh Samui How much does a vacation rental in Koh Samui cost? Koh Samui vacation rentals are C$ 93/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, April is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Koh Samui, and December is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 22/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 89/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Koh Samui vacation rental? Tango Luxe Beach Villa Samui has a 9.1 rating from 218 users, making it the best Koh Samui vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Ko Samui Airport? It’s only 1.5 km from Ko Samui Airport to Long N Joy Samui (the nearest Koh Samui vacation rental to the airport). What part of Koh Samui is best to stay in? Bo Phut is the best part of Koh Samui to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Koh Samui vacation rentals, 77% of them looked for stays in the Bo Phut neighbourhood in the last year. The Chaweng Noi Pool Villa happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Bo Phut neighbourhood of Koh Samui. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Koh Samui near Lomprayah Samui Maenam? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Lomprayah Samui Maenam while in Koh Samui, then the most popular is Tango Luxe Beach Villa Samui with a 9.1/10 review score from 218 users. The distance from Lomprayah Samui Maenam to Tango Luxe Beach Villa Samui is 9.1 km. Are there Koh Samui vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 10 Koh Samui vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Chaweng Apartment is the most popular vacation rental in Koh Samui that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Koh Samui? Yes, there are 442 Resort vacation rentals in Koh Samui. According to our data, The Ritz-Carlton Koh Samui is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 South Thailand Hotels 24,411 Surat Thani Hotels 7,040 Koh Samui Hotels 4,597 Koh Samui Vacation Rentals 3,235 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
