https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Krystal_Urban_Cancun_Centro.htm
Krystal Urban Cancun Centro, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Hotel Av. Sayil Mz. 1, Lote 4-07, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 1,763 reviews 7.5 C$ 82 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and meeting rooms. This unique ho... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 13.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 8000 All policies Amenities at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Towels Fan Safety deposit box Cribs available Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Pool bar Room service Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Additional toilet Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Oh! Cancun - The Urban Oasis 7.9 Good Av Tulum Esquina Brisa SM 4 Colonia Centro, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Cancun By Oasis 7.7 Good Av Tulum 13-14, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Smart Cancun by Oasis offers easy access to Cancun's best hot spots. It also has an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Cancun Centro 7.7 Good Av Tulum y Nichupte Supermanzana 11 M2 L3, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Cancun. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Venado Hostel 20 Venado 8 #67 SM 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Centrally located, Venado Hostel allows for easy access to Cancun's popular sightseeing areas. It offers free Wi-Fi, a laundry service and a 24-hour reception. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Krystal Urban Cancun Centro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 1,765 verified guest reviews 7.2Solo 7.7Families 7.5Couples 7.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Krystal Urban Cancun Centro All photos (60) Bedroom (23) Building (9) Pool (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun1.7 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun10.2 km Playa Delfines10.8 km Playa Tortugas5.4 km Playa Gaviota Azul7.9 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Terra Viva0.9 km Cancún Autobuses del Centro1.7 km Cancún ADO Central bus station1.7 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort10.6 km Cancún Royal Solaris11.7 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa12.9 km FAQs when booking at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Is pricing at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro comparable to 3 star hotels in Cancún? The average rate for a night at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro is 20% less than the Cancún average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro is typically C$ 99, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Cancún. How close is Krystal Urban Cancun Centro to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? There are 13.9 km between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Krystal Urban Cancun Centro. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Krystal Urban Cancun Centro? Getting from Cancun Airport to Krystal Urban Cancun Centro can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, Krystal Urban Cancun Centro has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Krystal Urban Cancun Centro guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Cancún. Is there a pool at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro? Yes, Krystal Urban Cancun Centro has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Krystal Urban Cancun Centro from the Cancún city center? The center of Downtown, Cancún, is just 3.5 km away from the front doors of Krystal Urban Cancun Centro. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Krystal Urban Cancun Centro using any means of transportation. What is the Krystal Urban Cancun Centro phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +52 998 848 8000. Does Krystal Urban Cancun Centro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Krystal Urban Cancun Centro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro? Yes. You should consider staying at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro? Krystal Urban Cancun Centro check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro, Cancún? Krystal Urban Cancun Centro room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 99/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 36/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro, Cancún. A bar is also available on-site. Does Krystal Urban Cancun Centro have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Krystal Urban Cancun Centro, Cancún. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Krystal Urban Cancun Centro from Plaza de Toros? Plaza de Toros in Cancún is 0.1 km away from Krystal Urban Cancun Centro. Is Krystal Urban Cancun Centro close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? If you want to see Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book while visiting Cancún, Krystal Urban Cancun Centro is just 0.7 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Krystal Urban Cancun Centro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
