https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/L7_Hongdae_by_LOTTE.htm
L7 Hongdae By Lotte, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 L7 Hongdae By Lotte L7 Hongdae By Lotte Hotel 141, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 2,294 reviews 8.5 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for L7 Hongdae By Lotte Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About L7 Hongdae By Lotte Situated in Mapo-gu, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE is a short walk from Hongdae Area and provides a swimming pool. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck, an infinity pool and a rooftop terrace. More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 8.5 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2555 8007 All policies Amenities at L7 Hongdae By Lotte Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Pool bar Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing rules Slippers Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Bottle of water Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to L7 Hongdae By Lotte Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to L7 Hongdae By Lotte Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Uwa Guesthouse 9.0 Excellent 96, World Cup Buk-ro 6-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, UWA Guesthouse is a short drive from Namdaemun Market and Gyeongbokgung Palace. It also provides a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon 8.9 Excellent 8-3, Sinchon-ro 3ga-Gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Sinchon Subway Station (Line 2), Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for L7 Hongdae By Lotte 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 2,294 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.4Families 8.5Friends 8.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2019 Great location with dinning area surrounding and subway nearby. Self check-in with staff standby to assist. Front desk help to book airport taxi with fixed rate. Room temperature is difficult to control due to winter season, need to open window for cool air flow in. Housekeeping is poor where the refill items are simply put. A 7.6 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2018 Great location with airport bus and subway nearby. It is just at the next block to the shopping and dinning area of Hong Dae. But the service is poor. Everything is of self service. No one to help for luaggages or help to call a taxi. A 8.7 Great Anonymous, Jun. 2018 it's nice. the only thing is that the toilet is in a open area. like you have no place to put your clothes when you go to bath. the only place is near the sink which is located next to the bed. it will be quite embarrassing if you are having the same room with someone not that familiar. Photos of L7 Hongdae By Lotte All photos (52) Bedroom (10) Restaurant (7) Bar (6) Pool (6) Where is L7 Hongdae By Lotte Most Popular Landmarks COEX Mall12.9 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium14.0 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool18.5 km Yeouido Park3.3 km Gyeongbokgung Palace5.5 km Dongdaemun Market7.8 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni11.6 km Seoul Sangbong15.1 km Seoul Bus4.4 km Seoul Yongsan4.8 km FAQs when booking at L7 Hongdae By Lotte Is pricing at L7 Hongdae By Lotte comparable to 4 star hotels in Seoul? In Seoul, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 241. The expected nightly rate for L7 Hongdae By Lotte is around C$ 195; a price that is 40% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers L7 Hongdae By Lotte to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Seoul. How close is L7 Hongdae By Lotte to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At 10.7 km away, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is the closest airport to L7 Hongdae By Lotte. The average expected drive time from L7 Hongdae By Lotte to Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is 0h 08m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to L7 Hongdae By Lotte? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at L7 Hongdae By Lotte? Yes, L7 Hongdae By Lotte has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is L7 Hongdae By Lotte from the Seoul city center? L7 Hongdae By Lotte is just 0.1 km away from the center of Seogyo-dong, Seoul. From L7 Hongdae By Lotte you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the L7 Hongdae By Lotte phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at L7 Hongdae By Lotte please call +82 (0) 2555 8007. Does L7 Hongdae By Lotte have Wi-Fi available? Yes, L7 Hongdae By Lotte has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at L7 Hongdae By Lotte? L7 Hongdae By Lotte does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at L7 Hongdae By Lotte? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at L7 Hongdae By Lotte. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at L7 Hongdae By Lotte, Seoul? On average, guests have been paying C$ 195 per night to stay at L7 Hongdae By Lotte. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 96 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at L7 Hongdae By Lotte? There is an on-site restaurant - contact L7 Hongdae By Lotte for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does L7 Hongdae By Lotte have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at L7 Hongdae By Lotte, Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 L7 Hongdae By Lotte Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
