https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Landmark_Grand_Hotel.htm
Landmark Grand Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Landmark Grand Hotel Landmark Grand Hotel Hotel Al Riqqa Street PO Box: 42222 Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 2,506 reviews 7.0 C$ 88 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Landmark Grand Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Landmark Grand Hotel Situated within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station, Landmark Grand Hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and free wireless internet. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.7 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 5.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4274 0000 All policies Amenities at Landmark Grand Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Steam room Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Enhanced cleaning Garage Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Barber/hair stylist Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Photocopier service Tour desk Health club Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Landmark Grand Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Landmark Grand Hotel Landmark Hotel Riqqa 6.5 Good Al-Jazeera Street 28763, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Landmark Hotel Riqqa is within a 10-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a rooftop pool and a sauna. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Carlton Palace Hotel 6.7 Good Al Maktoum Street, P.O, Box 56262, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated close to Salah Al Din Metro Station, Carlton Palace Hotel Dubai offers guests an ideal base when in Dubai. Some of the facilities provided at this relaxed 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Signature Inn 4.0 Okay Al Riqqa Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This modern Dubai hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Landmark Grand Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 2,506 verified guest reviews 7.0Couples 6.9Friends 6.8Families 7.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Landmark Grand Hotel All photos (50) Bedroom (14) Lobby (4) Restaurant (4) Other (4) Where is Landmark Grand Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Al Ghurair Centre0.3 km Gold Souq1.9 km Meydan Racecourse11.8 km Deira City Centre2.0 km Dubai Museum2.0 km Dubai Gold Souk2.0 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus1.7 km Dubai Np2.5 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station26.9 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.0 km FAQs when booking at Landmark Grand Hotel Is pricing at Landmark Grand Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at Landmark Grand Hotel will generally be 75% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at Landmark Grand Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 119/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Landmark Grand Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 5 km between Landmark Grand Hotel and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Landmark Grand Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Landmark Grand Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Landmark Grand Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Landmark Grand Hotel? Yes, Landmark Grand Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Landmark Grand Hotel from the Dubai city center? The center of Deira, Dubai, is just 2 km away from the front doors of Landmark Grand Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ibn Battuta Mall, which you can get to from Landmark Grand Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Landmark Grand Hotel phone number? For questions about Landmark Grand Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4274 0000. Does Landmark Grand Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Landmark Grand Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Landmark Grand Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Landmark Grand Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Landmark Grand Hotel? Landmark Grand Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Landmark Grand Hotel, Dubai? Landmark Grand Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 119/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 62/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Landmark Grand Hotel? Landmark Grand Hotel does have a restaurant. Does Landmark Grand Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Landmark Grand Hotel that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Landmark Grand Hotel from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 1.9 km away from Landmark Grand Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Landmark Grand Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
