https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Las_Vegas_Hostel.htm
Las Vegas Hostel, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Las Vegas Hostel Las Vegas Hostel Hostel 1322 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States C$ 93 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Las Vegas Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Las Vegas Hostel Las Vegas Hostel is located in Las Vegas and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. The hostel offers free private parking on site, as well as a swimming pool and ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 9.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 385 1150 All policies Amenities at Las Vegas Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Express check-out Disabled Access Hairdryer Lockers Grill Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Shared kitchen Heating Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Free parking Picnic area Vending machine (snacks) Garden Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Game room Shopping Pool table Books Evening entertainment Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Airport shuttle Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Las Vegas Hostel Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Las Vegas Hostel Downtowner Boutique Hotel 6.9 Good 129 North 8th Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Las Vegas. It provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and an outdoor pool. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals El Cortez Hotel and Casino 7.5 Good 600 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Las Vegas. It also offers valet parking, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis at Gold Spike 6.4 Good 217 Las Vegas Boulevard North, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Set in the heart of Downtown Las Vegas, this boutique hotel is just minutes from the Fremont Street Experience and part of the district's revitalization initiative, Downtown Project. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals the D Las Vegas 7.8 Good 301 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, just a short walk from Greyhound Bus Station, The D Las Vegas provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Las Vegas Hostel All photos (23) Bedroom (11) Other (3) Bathroom (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Las Vegas Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Fremont Street Experience1.3 km TPC Summerlin16.2 km World Market Center2.2 km Stratosphere Tower3.0 km High Roller6.2 km Fountains of Bellagio7.0 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall1.1 km Las Vegas Downtown Bus1.6 km Las Vegas Downtown1.6 km Las Vegas Lds Temple10.1 km Las Vegas South Strip Transit Terminal11.1 km Las Vegas Tufesa2.8 km FAQs when booking at Las Vegas Hostel Is pricing at Las Vegas Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Las Vegas? Las Vegas Hostel is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Las Vegas. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 161 per night in Las Vegas. Las Vegas Hostel will run you C$ 145 per night, which is 33% cheaper than the Las Vegas average. How close is Las Vegas Hostel to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 9 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to Las Vegas Hostel. The average expected drive time from Las Vegas Hostel to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 07m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Las Vegas Hostel? Las Vegas Hostel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Las Vegas Hostel? Yes, Las Vegas Hostel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Las Vegas Hostel from the Las Vegas city center? The center of Downtown, Las Vegas, is just 1.1 km away from the front doors of Las Vegas Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Fountains of Bellagio, which you can get to from Las Vegas Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the Las Vegas Hostel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 385 1150 to talk to a Las Vegas Hostel front desk representative. Does Las Vegas Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Las Vegas Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Las Vegas Hostel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Las Vegas Hostel, Las Vegas? Usually Las Vegas Hostel room prices are around C$ 145/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 70/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Las Vegas Hostel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Las Vegas Hostel restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Las Vegas Hostel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Las Vegas Hostel that can be used by guests. How far is Las Vegas Hostel from Discovery Children's Museum? Las Vegas Hostel is about 1.6 km from Discovery Children's Museum, one of Las Vegas’s most popular landmarks. Is Las Vegas Hostel close to Stratosphere Tower? If you want to see Stratosphere Tower while visiting Las Vegas, Las Vegas Hostel is just 3 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Las Vegas Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
