https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Gite_Du_Hu_Art.htm
Le Gite Du Hu-Art, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Le Gite Du Hu-Art Le Gite Du Hu-Art Bed & Breakfast 1673 Avenue Du Lac-st-Charles, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 183 reviews 9.2 C$ 162 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Gite Du Hu-Art Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Gite Du Hu-Art Located in Quebec City, Le Gite Du Hu-Art is within a 35-minute drive of Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport and provides a private beach and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can als... More Good to Know To Downtown 17.3 km Rating 9.2 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 849 4580 All policies Amenities at Le Gite Du Hu-Art Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Iron and ironing board Oven Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Additional bathroom Hot tub Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Parking Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Outdoor dining area Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Picnic area Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Private beach Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Private entrance Washing machine Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Hiking Massage Fishing Board games/puzzles Golf Books, DVDs, music for children Canoeing Skiing Water park Water sport facilities (on site) Services Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Gite Du Hu-Art Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Le Gite Du Hu-Art Hôtel-Musée Premières Nations 8.6 Excellent 5 Place de la Rencontre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 6.9 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, Hotel-Musee Premieres Nations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 7.0 km from current hotel Located in Quebec City, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort is within a 25-minute drive of Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport and provides an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel de Glace 1860, Boulevard Valcartier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 7.5 km from current hotel This elegant hotel is situated close to Ice Hotel in Quebec City. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a sauna and a gift shop. C$ 436 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Times Hotel 7.7 Good 5100, Boulevard Des Galeries, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 11.7 km from current hotel Situated in Quebec City, Grand Times Hotel provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Gite Du Hu-Art 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 183 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 9.3Families 9.2Couples 9.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Gite Du Hu-Art All photos (9) Other (4) Patio (3) Outdoors view (1) Dining room (1) Where is Le Gite Du Hu-Art Most Popular Landmarks Les Galeries de la Capitale11.6 km Cartier-Brebeuf National Historic Site15.0 km Church of St. Roch16.7 km Plains of Abraham17.8 km Museum of Civilization17.8 km Laurier Quebec17.9 km Getting Around Québec City Vallée16.2 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy16.5 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne16.7 km Québec City Gare du Palais17.0 km Québec City St-Augustin17.2 km Québec City Sainte-Foy17.2 km FAQs when booking at Le Gite Du Hu-Art Is pricing at Le Gite Du Hu-Art comparable to 4 star hotels in Québec City? There is a 43% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Québec City and the average nightly rate at Le Gite Du Hu-Art. The rate at Le Gite Du Hu-Art is just C$ 151/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Québec City. How close is Le Gite Du Hu-Art to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? There are 14 km between the closest airport, Québec City Airport, and Le Gite Du Hu-Art. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Le Gite Du Hu-Art? Le Gite Du Hu-Art has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Le Gite Du Hu-Art guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. How close is Le Gite Du Hu-Art from the Québec City city center? Le Gite Du Hu-Art is 0.7 km away from the center of Lac-Saint-Charles, Québec City. Consider visiting Place Royale, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Le Gite Du Hu-Art by various forms of transportation. What is the Le Gite Du Hu-Art phone number? The best way to contact Le Gite Du Hu-Art is by calling +1 418 849 4580. Does Le Gite Du Hu-Art have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Gite Du Hu-Art has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Le Gite Du Hu-Art? The standard check-out time at Le Gite Du Hu-Art is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Le Gite Du Hu-Art, Québec City? Le Gite Du Hu-Art room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 151/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 133/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Le Gite Du Hu-Art have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Le Gite Du Hu-Art. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Le Gite Du Hu-Art Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
