https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Grand_Hotel_de_Normandie.htm
Le Grand Hotel De Normandie, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Hotel 4 rue d'Amsterdam, Paris, France GoodBased on 1,194 reviews 7.6 C$ 164 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Le Grand Hotel de Normandie is situated in Paris and is within a 10-minute walk of Opera Metro Station. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This unique hotel offers a... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 22.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 48 78 76 70 All policies Amenities at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Inner courtyard view Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Outdoor furniture City view Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Beauty salon Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,613 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,842 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 602 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 338 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Atlantic Hotel 8.8 Excellent 44 Rue de Londres, Paris, France Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Atlantic Hotel Paris provides a traditional setting while in Paris. It also offers meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 8.5 Excellent 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering 5-star luxury accommodation, Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond is conveniently situated in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple amenities this contemporary hotel offers include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Adagio Paris Opéra 7.8 Good 43 Rue De Caumartin, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Paris. It is close to the Palais Garnier, restaurants and shops. C$ 235 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alfred Sommier 8.5 Excellent 20 Rue de l'Arcade, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is situated a brief stroll from Galeries Lafayette and the Palais Garnier. C$ 439 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Grand Hotel De Normandie 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,194 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 7.5Families 7.6Couples 7.7Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Grand Hotel De Normandie All photos (31) Bedroom (15) Building (5) Bathroom (4) Buffet (2) Where is Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Most Popular Landmarks Galeries Lafayette0.5 km Champs-Elysées1.3 km Cimetière de Montmartre1.3 km Louvre Museum1.8 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee2.0 km Arc De Triomphe2.3 km Getting Around Paris Saint-Lazare0.1 km Paris Haussmann Saint-Lazare0.3 km Paris Opéra0.7 km Paris Place de Clichy0.8 km Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt1.1 km Paris Place de la Concorde1.2 km FAQs when booking at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Is pricing at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Hotels in Paris that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 289/night, but on average, Le Grand Hotel De Normandie is available for 43% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie for C$ 221/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Paris. How close is Le Grand Hotel De Normandie to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With no traffic, the 22.3 km drive between Le Grand Hotel De Normandie and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Le Grand Hotel De Normandie? For the most freedom while visiting Paris, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Le Grand Hotel De Normandie guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. How close is Le Grand Hotel De Normandie from the Paris city center? Le Grand Hotel De Normandie is 0.6 km away from the center of 9th arrondissement, Paris. Consider visiting AccorHotels Arena, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Le Grand Hotel De Normandie by various forms of transportation. What is the Le Grand Hotel De Normandie phone number? For questions about Le Grand Hotel De Normandie and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 48 78 76 70. Does Le Grand Hotel De Normandie have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Grand Hotel De Normandie has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie, Paris? C$ 109 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Le Grand Hotel De Normandie, with average deals around C$ 221 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Le Grand Hotel De Normandie have a laundry service? Le Grand Hotel De Normandie does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Le Grand Hotel De Normandie from Champs-Elysées? The popular Champs-Elysées is just over 1.3 km from Le Grand Hotel De Normandie. Is Le Grand Hotel De Normandie close to Louvre Museum? The distance from Le Grand Hotel De Normandie to Louvre Museum is 1.8 km. Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Le Grand Hotel De Normandie Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
