https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Monastere_des_Augustines.htm
Le Monastere des Augustines, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Le Monastere des Augustines Le Monastere des Augustines Hotel 77, rue des Remparts, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 597 reviews 8.8 C$ 169 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Monastere des Augustines Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Monastere des Augustines Centrally located, Monastere des Augustines allows for easy access to Quebec City's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers valet parking, massage services and free Wi-Fi. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 13.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 694 1639 All policies Amenities at Le Monastere des Augustines Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher EV charging station Elevator Laundry facilities Free toiletries Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Snack bar CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Chapel/shrine Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Library Fitness centre Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Health club Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Monastere des Augustines Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Le Monastere des Augustines L'Intendant 8.3 Excellent 8 Rue Des Vaisseaux-du-Roi, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, L'intendant offers easy access to Quebec City's main tourist attractions. Some of the premium facilities at this 3-star bed & breakfast include a Jacuzzi and complimentary wireless internet. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manoir Victoria 8.5 Excellent 44 Cote du Palais, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hotel Manoir Victoria offers easy access to Quebec City's main tourist attractions. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Ursulines Of Quebec and Price Building. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Belley 249, Rue Saint Paul, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Hotel Belley provides easy access to Quebec City's main retail and sightseeing areas. Guests can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Du Vieux Quebec 9.4 Excellent 1190 Rue Saint-jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hotel du Vieux Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Monastere des Augustines 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 597 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.5Couples 8.8Friends 9.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 9.1 Excellent Anonymous, Jun. 2018 very quit, so stay in silence with relaxness. Photos of Le Monastere des Augustines All photos (33) Bedroom (6) Other (6) Hallway (3) Living room (2) Where is Le Monastere des Augustines Most Popular Landmarks Place Royale0.7 km Dufferin Terrace0.7 km Museum of Civilization0.7 km Quartier Petit Champlain0.8 km Church of St. Roch0.9 km Plains of Abraham1.0 km Getting Around Québec City Gare du Palais0.3 km Québec City St-Augustin0.6 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.0 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.3 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.9 km Québec City Camp Mercier46.8 km FAQs when booking at Le Monastere des Augustines Is pricing at Le Monastere des Augustines comparable to 3 star hotels in Québec City? Hotels in Québec City that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 145/night, but on average, Le Monastere des Augustines is available for 1% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Le Monastere des Augustines for C$ 193/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Québec City. How close is Le Monastere des Augustines to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 13.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Le Monastere des Augustines is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Le Monastere des Augustines? Le Monastere des Augustines has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Québec City, renting a car for around C$ 41/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Québec City Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Le Monastere des Augustines from the Québec City city center? Le Monastere des Augustines is just 0.5 km away from the center of Vieux Québec, Québec City. From Le Monastere des Augustines you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Quebec Aquarium Park. What is the Le Monastere des Augustines phone number? You can reach the front desk of Le Monastere des Augustines at +1 418 694 1639. Does Le Monastere des Augustines have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Monastere des Augustines has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Le Monastere des Augustines? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Le Monastere des Augustines. What is the check-out time at Le Monastere des Augustines? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Le Monastere des Augustines, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Le Monastere des Augustines, Québec City? On average, guests have been paying C$ 193 per night to stay at Le Monastere des Augustines. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 131 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Le Monastere des Augustines? Le Monastere des Augustines does have a restaurant. Does Le Monastere des Augustines have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Le Monastere des Augustines that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Le Monastere des Augustines from Place Royale? Le Monastere des Augustines is about 0.7 km from Place Royale, one of Québec City’s most popular landmarks. Is Le Monastere des Augustines close to Dufferin Terrace? Le Monastere des Augustines is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Dufferin Terrace, which is 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Québec City Hotels 718 Le Monastere des Augustines Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
