https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Mount_Stephen.htm
Le Mount Stephen, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le Mount Stephen Le Mount Stephen Hotel 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 225 reviews 9.2 C$ 388 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Mount Stephen Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Mount Stephen Centrally situated, Le Mount Stephen offers easy access to Montreal's popular hot spots. The various amenities this historic hotel has to offer include valet parking, an express check-in and check-out... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 9.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 313 1000 All policies Amenities at Le Mount Stephen Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fireplace Fire extinguisher EV charging station Seating area Elevator Ironing service Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Heating Shower Hypoallergenic Slippers First-aid kit Interconnected room(s) available Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Pants press Coffee machine TV Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Mount Stephen Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile sits majestically at the foot of the lush Mount Royal Park, conveniently located in the heart of the city, within the historic Golden Square Mile, making it the ideal destination for business travelers, fashion, art and museum lovers as well as gourmets. Enjoy the masterful blend of minimalist design and warm sophistication at our luxury hotel. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Le Mount Stephen Vogue Hotel Montreal Downtown, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.8 Excellent 1425 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Vogue Hotel Montreal Downtown offers easy access to Montreal's best tourist attractions. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 451 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa 7.3 Good 1240 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. It is moments from Bell Centre, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Downtown 8.0 Excellent 2045 Peel Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's main sightseeing and retail areas. The various facilities this charming property has to offer include a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Bishop 1447, Rue Bishop, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an ideal base in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Mount Stephen 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 225 verified guest reviews 9.2Families 8.5Solo 9.6Friends 9.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Mount Stephen All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (12) Lobby (6) Other (6) Where is Le Mount Stephen Most Popular Landmarks Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.3 km Centre Bell0.6 km Place Ville-Marie0.6 km Eaton Centre0.6 km Christ Church Cathedral0.7 km Place Bonaventure0.8 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal Central0.8 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.2 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.4 km Montreal Bus2.2 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.4 km FAQs when booking at Le Mount Stephen How close is Le Mount Stephen to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At 14.2 km away, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is the closest airport to Le Mount Stephen. The average expected drive time from Le Mount Stephen to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Le Mount Stephen? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Le Mount Stephen where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Le Mount Stephen guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is Le Mount Stephen considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Le Mount Stephen during their stay. How close is Le Mount Stephen from the Montreal city center? The center of Golden Square Mile, Montreal, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Le Mount Stephen. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Le Mount Stephen using any means of transportation. What is the Le Mount Stephen phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 313 1000. Does Le Mount Stephen have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Mount Stephen has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Le Mount Stephen? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Le Mount Stephen. What is the check-out time at Le Mount Stephen? Le Mount Stephen check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Le Mount Stephen, Montreal? C$ 314 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Le Mount Stephen, with average deals around C$ 433 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Le Mount Stephen? Yes, food can be ordered from the Le Mount Stephen restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Le Mount Stephen have a laundry service? Le Mount Stephen does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Le Mount Stephen from Vieux-Port de Montréal? You can walk to Vieux-Port de Montréal while staying at Le Mount Stephen - you’ll be about 1.9 km away. Is Le Mount Stephen close to Centre Bell? The distance from Le Mount Stephen to Centre Bell is 0.6 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le Mount Stephen Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
