https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Robinet_dOr.htm
Le Robinet d'Or, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Le Robinet d'Or Le Robinet d'Or Hotel 17 rue Robert Blache, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 681 reviews 8.8 C$ 206 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Robinet d'Or Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Robinet d'Or Located under a 10-minute walk from East Railway Station, Le Robinet d'Or provides guests with an ideal base when in Paris. The various facilities this cosy hotel features include meeting rooms, a 24-... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 20.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 44 65 14 50 All policies Amenities at Le Robinet d'Or Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Kids meals No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Laptop All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Children's high chair Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Robinet d'Or Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Le Robinet d'Or Generator Paris 7.5 Good 9-11 Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Generator Paris provides a modern setting when in Paris. It also offers a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Hipotel Paris Belleville Gare de l'Est 21 Rue Vicq D'Azir, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Paris provides free Wi-Fi, as well as babysitting/child services and a 24-hour reception. It is situated in close proximity to many popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord 7.4 Good 5 rue de Dunkerque, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located just a five-minute walk from Paris North Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Libertel Gare Du Nord Suede 8.0 Excellent 106 Boulevard Magenta, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Opened in 1900, Libertel Gare Du Nord Suede is set in Paris and offers a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Robinet d'Or 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 681 verified guest reviews 8.8Couples 8.9Friends 8.8Solo 8.7Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Robinet d'Or All photos (1) Bedroom (1) Where is Le Robinet d'Or Most Popular Landmarks Centre Pompidou2.2 km Galeries Lafayette2.4 km Louvre Museum2.8 km Cimetière de Montmartre2.8 km Notre Dame3.0 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.5 km Getting Around Paris Gare de l'Est0.4 km Paris Magenta0.5 km Paris Église Saint-Laurent0.6 km Paris Gare du Nord0.7 km Paris La Chapelle0.8 km Paris Château d'Eau0.9 km FAQs when booking at Le Robinet d'Or Is pricing at Le Robinet d'Or comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? Nightly rates at Le Robinet d'Or will generally be 2% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Paris. When staying at Le Robinet d'Or, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 298/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Paris for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Le Robinet d'Or to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With a distance of 20.2 km between Le Robinet d'Or and the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 15m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Le Robinet d'Or? Le Robinet d'Or has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Le Robinet d'Or considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Le Robinet d'Or during their stay. How close is Le Robinet d'Or from the Paris city center? Le Robinet d'Or is 0.3 km away from the center of 10th arrondissement, Paris. Consider visiting Champs-Elysées, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Le Robinet d'Or by various forms of transportation. What is the Le Robinet d'Or phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Le Robinet d'Or please call +33 1 44 65 14 50. Does Le Robinet d'Or have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Robinet d'Or has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Le Robinet d'Or? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Le Robinet d'Or, Paris? Le Robinet d'Or room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 298/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 72/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Le Robinet d'Or? Le Robinet d'Or does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Le Robinet d'Or have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Le Robinet d'Or. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Le Robinet d'Or from Louvre Museum? Le Robinet d'Or is a walkable distance (2.8 km) from Louvre Museum, Paris. Is Le Robinet d'Or close to Jardins des Tuileries? Walking distance - there’s 3.2 km between Jardins des Tuileries and Le Robinet d'Or. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Le Robinet d'Or Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
