https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_St_Martin_Hotel_Centre_ville_Hotel_Particulier.htm
Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Hotel 980 Boul. De Maisonneuve West, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 2,272 reviews 8.6 C$ 231 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. There is also a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment, a waterfall pool and a weight ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 843 3000 All policies Amenities at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 387 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 518 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Downtown 8.0 Excellent 2045 Peel Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's main sightseeing and retail areas. The various facilities this charming property has to offer include a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 196 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Ville-Marie Montreal Hotel & Suites 7.6 Good 3407 Peel Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Best Western Ville-Marie Hotel & Suites provides 3-star accommodation in Montreal. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 160 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Cantlie Suites 8.0 Excellent 1110, Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It also features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile provides a modern setting while in Montreal. An indoor pool, outdoor tennis courts and indoor tennis courts are just some of the luxurious features on offer to guests throughout their stay. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 2,272 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 8.5Families 8.7Friends 8.7Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville All photos (55) Bedroom (13) Building (6) Gym (6) Pool (6) Where is Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Most Popular Landmarks Eaton Centre0.3 km Place Ville-Marie0.4 km Christ Church Cathedral0.4 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.6 km Centre Bell0.7 km Place Bonaventure0.7 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.5 km Montreal Central0.7 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.0 km Montreal Bus1.9 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.0 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.9 km FAQs when booking at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Is pricing at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville comparable to 4 star hotels in Montreal? In Montreal, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 281. The expected nightly rate for Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville is around C$ 253; a price that is 33% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Montreal. How close is Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 14.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville? Yes. Many people visiting Montreal look for a hotel with a pool. Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville from the Montreal city center? Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville is just 0.3 km away from the center of Golden Square Mile, Montreal. From Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville please call +1 514 843 3000. Does Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville? Yes, Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville, Montreal? Prices at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 253, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 110. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville? Yes - Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Vieux-Port de Montréal in Montreal is 1.7 km away from Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville. Is Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville is just 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
