https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Square_Phillips_Hotel_Suites.htm
Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Aparthotel 1193, Place Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 2,327 reviews 8.8 C$ 211 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Centrally located, Le Square Phillips Hotel & Suites allows for easy access to Montreal's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It offers complimentary wireless internet, a fitness centre and ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 393 1193 All policies Amenities at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Pool towels Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Dining room Adapter Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1250 Boulevard Robert-Bourassa, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is close to Montreal's Underground City. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown 8.5 Excellent 380 Blvd. Rene Levesque O, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown provides easy access to Montreal's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth 7.9 Good 900 Boulevard Rene Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth offers easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Dauphin Montreal Centre Ville 8.8 Excellent 1025, Rue De Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Le Dauphin Montreal Centre-Ville allows for easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It is situated a brief stroll from Montreal's Underground City and Bank of Montreal. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 2,327 verified guest reviews 8.8Friends 8.9Couples 8.7Solo 8.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites All photos (35) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Building (3) Where is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Most Popular Landmarks Place Ville-Marie0.2 km Christ Church Cathedral0.2 km Eaton Centre0.3 km Place Bonaventure0.5 km Centre Bell0.8 km Notre-Dame Basilica0.9 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.2 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.4 km Montreal Central0.5 km Montreal Bus1.5 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.8 km Montreal Kirkland23.1 km FAQs when booking at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites How close is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 15 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites considered pet-friendly? Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites. Is there a pool at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites? Yes, Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites from the Montreal city center? The center of Downtown Montreal, Montreal, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites using any means of transportation. What is the Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 393 1193 to talk to a Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites front desk representative. Does Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites? Yes, there is a gym available to Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites? The standard check-out time at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites, Montreal? Prices at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 208, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 73. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites is a good place to stay to see Vieux-Port de Montréal. It’s 1.2 km away. Is Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites close to Centre Bell? Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 0.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
