https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Le_Village_Montmartre_by_Hiphophostels.htm
Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Hostel 20 Rue d'Orsel, Paris, France GoodBased on 1,782 reviews 7.9 C$ 63 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels This Paris hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. A wide range of premium services are available for... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.8 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 20.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 42 64 22 02 All policies Amenities at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Cleaning products Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Library Board games/puzzles Darts Evening entertainment Services Ticket service Barber/hair stylist Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.5 Good 37, Bd Rochechouart, Paris, France Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels is set in Paris and is a short walk from Paris North Railway Station. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Vintage Paris Gare du Nord by Hiphophostels 7.6 Good 73 Rue De Dunkerque, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated only a five-minute walk from Anvers Metro Station, Vintage Paris Gare du Nord by Hiphophostels provides guests with an ideal base while in Paris. Rooms are air conditioned and a wireless internet connection is provided free of charge. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Altona 7.0 Good 166 Rue Du Faubourg Poissonnière, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Altona Hotel Paris is located in Paris and provides free Wi-Fi. The reception desk is open around the clock, and a buffet breakfast is available each morning. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel France Albion 8.6 Excellent 11 Rue Notre Dame De Lorette, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Opera Metro Station, Hotel France Albion provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,782 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.8Couples 8.0Solo 7.7Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels All photos (49) Bedroom (24) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Most Popular Landmarks Cimetière de Montmartre1.1 km Galeries Lafayette1.5 km Louvre Museum2.6 km Centre Pompidou2.6 km Champs-Elysées2.9 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.4 km Getting Around Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt1.0 km Paris Gare du Nord1.0 km Paris Magenta1.1 km Paris Place de Clichy1.2 km Paris La Chapelle1.2 km Paris Marx Dormoy1.3 km FAQs when booking at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Is pricing at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Paris. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 226 per night in Paris. Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels will run you C$ 148 per night, which is 52% cheaper than the Paris average. How close is Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 20.8 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels. The average expected drive time from Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels from the Paris city center? The center of 18th arrondissement, Paris, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels using any means of transportation. What is the Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +33 1 42 64 22 02 to talk to a Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels front desk representative. Does Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels? Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels, Paris? Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 148/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 31/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels from Champs-Elysées? Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels is a good place to stay to see Champs-Elysées. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels close to Louvre Museum? Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Louvre Museum, which is 2.6 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
