https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lemontea_Hotel.htm
Lemontea Hotel, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Lemontea Hotel Lemontea Hotel Hotel 55 Soi. Petchaburi 15, Petchaburi Road, Pratunam, Ratchatewi, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 419 reviews 8.8 C$ 51 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lemontea Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lemontea Hotel This Bangkok hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of BTS Phaya Thai Train Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is included free of charge. This 3-star hotel offers a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 693 5499 All policies Amenities at Lemontea Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shower Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Sofa Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view TV Free parking Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Lemontea Hotel Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Lemontea Hotel Marwin Villa 8.4 Excellent 37 Petchaburi Soi 15 Petchaburi Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, just a 10-minute walk from BTS Phaya Thai Train Station, Marwin Villa provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Platinum Fashion Mall and Pratunam Market. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Pratunam19 Hotel 8.1 Excellent 77/23 Phetchaburi 19, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Pratunam19 Hotel provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Baiyoke Sky Hotel 7.9 Good Ratchaprarop Road, Ratchathewi,222, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Standing 88 stories high, Baiyoke Sky Hotel is the tallest hotel in Thailand and promotes its height with an observation deck where guests can take in the sights of Bangkok. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 4-star rooms and a bar. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Anajak Bangkok Hotel 8.8 Excellent 65/5 Phayathai Road (Soi Golit), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Anajak Bangkok Hotel is located in Bangkok and features an indoor pool. The various facilities this luxury hotel offers include a concierge, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lemontea Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 420 verified guest reviews 8.5Families 9.2Friends 8.8Solo 8.8Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date M 8.3 Great Matthew, Aug. 2019 The staff were really attentive and helpful, service was great. Hotel rooms were really decent (pretty clean) and the hotel is a short few minutes walk away from Pratunam market. The only downside was its location from the nearest BTS station. Which is around a good 10min walk ~ Photos of Lemontea Hotel All photos (23) Bedroom (6) Front desk (3) Restaurant (3) Building (2) Where is Lemontea Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Pratunam0.3 km Centralworld0.8 km Siam Square1.1 km MBK Center1.3 km Central World Plaza1.3 km Patpong Night Market2.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Ratchathewi0.2 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi0.3 km Bangkok Phaya Thai Bts0.5 km Bangkok PTT Petrol station (near the Victory Monument)0.5 km Bangkok Ratchathewi Bts0.7 km Bangkok Royal Thai Army Medical Department 20.7 km FAQs when booking at Lemontea Hotel Is pricing at Lemontea Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Bangkok? Nightly rates at Lemontea Hotel will generally be 29% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Bangkok. When staying at Lemontea Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 66/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Bangkok for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Lemontea Hotel to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 19.2 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Lemontea Hotel. The average expected drive time from Lemontea Hotel to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Lemontea Hotel? Lemontea Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Lemontea Hotel from the Bangkok city center? Lemontea Hotel is 0.1 km away from the center of Ratchathewi, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Lemontea Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Lemontea Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 693 5499. Does Lemontea Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lemontea Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lemontea Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Lemontea Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Lemontea Hotel, Bangkok? Usually Lemontea Hotel room prices are around C$ 66/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 41/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Lemontea Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Lemontea Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Lemontea Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Lemontea Hotel. How far is Lemontea Hotel from Victory Monument? Lemontea Hotel is about 1.2 km from Victory Monument, one of Bangkok’s most popular landmarks. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Lemontea Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
