https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Les_Suites_Hotel.htm
Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Aparthotel 130 Besserer Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,470 reviews 7.9 C$ 185 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Les Suites Hotel Ottawa This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Mackenzie King Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. Those staying at Les Suites Hotel have access to its wide... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 232 2000 All policies Amenities at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Private pool Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Fishing Board games/puzzles Golf Books, DVDs, music for children Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Skiing Fitness centre Horse riding Water park Hiking Massage Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Le Germain Hotel Ottawa 8.8 Excellent 30 Daly Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, Le Germain Hotel Ottawa is surrounded by a variety of clubs and bars and is moments on foot from Laurier Bus Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Ottawa City Centre 8.0 Excellent 33 Nicholas Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel offers modern accommodation in Ottawa and is a two-minute walk from Campus Station. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Barefoot Hostel 8.6 Excellent 455 Cumberland Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Barefoot Hostel - Women Only provides guests with an ideal base when in Ottawa. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and luggage storage. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Saintlo Ottawa Jail Hostel 8.1 Excellent 75 Nicholas Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Ottawa, HI- Ottawa Jail Hostel is set amongst a range of clubs and bars and is minutes on foot from Mackenzie King Station. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,470 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 7.7Families 7.9Solo 7.9Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Les Suites Hotel Ottawa All photos (40) Conference room (7) Other (5) Gym (4) Bedroom (3) Where is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Most Popular Landmarks Ottawa Art Gallery0.1 km Rideau Centre0.3 km Confederation Park0.6 km Laurier House0.8 km Bank Street Promenade1.2 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Rideau Centre0.3 km Ottawa 1 George St0.4 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.4 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.7 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.8 km Ottawa Slater / Bank1.1 km FAQs when booking at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Is pricing at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa comparable to 3 star hotels in Ottawa? Nightly rates at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa will generally be 19% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Ottawa. When staying at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 199/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Ottawa for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With no traffic, the 11.7 km drive between Les Suites Hotel Ottawa and Ottawa Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 09m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 57/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Les Suites Hotel Ottawa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa during their stay. Is there a pool at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa from the Ottawa city center? Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is just 0.3 km away from the center of Byward Market, Ottawa. From Les Suites Hotel Ottawa you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian Tire Centre. What is the Les Suites Hotel Ottawa phone number? For questions about Les Suites Hotel Ottawa and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 613 232 2000. Does Les Suites Hotel Ottawa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Les Suites Hotel Ottawa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. What is the check-out time at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? The standard check-out time at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, Ottawa? C$ 134 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, with average deals around C$ 199 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? There is a restaurant located in Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The apthotel also has a bar. Does Les Suites Hotel Ottawa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa from Canadian War Museum? Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is a walkable distance (2.5 km) from Canadian War Museum, Ottawa. Is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa close to Laurier House? 0.8 km - making Laurier House a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
