https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lexen_Hotel_Hollywood.htm
Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Hotel 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 666 reviews 7.4 C$ 203 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. There are a v... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 7.4 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 536 9092 All policies Amenities at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Additional toilet Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Blvd Hotel & Suites - Walking Distance To Hollywood Walk Of Fame 6.1 Good 2010 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Set in Hollywood, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Hollywood and Highland Center. It also offers private parking on site and is a short drive from Universal Studios Hollywood. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Loews Hollywood Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1755 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is conveniently positioned in Hollywood and provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop pool. Just a short stroll from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it offers trendy rooms equipped with an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a coffee maker. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Drive Hostel 8.4 Excellent 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals The Hollywood Roosevelt 8.2 Excellent 7000 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Roosevelt offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a bowling alley. C$ 377 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 666 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 7.2Friends 7.7Couples 7.2Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame All photos (21) Bedroom (9) Living room (3) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Where is Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.7 km Hollywood Boulevard0.7 km Hollywood and Vine1.2 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.5 km Little Tokyo11.0 km California Science Center11.2 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.1 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.8 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.9 km Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.7 km Los Angeles West La (palms)10.6 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.6 km FAQs when booking at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Is pricing at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? The average rate for a night at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame is 32% less than the Los Angeles average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame is typically C$ 219, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Los Angeles. How close is Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With no traffic, the 19.5 km drive between Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame and Los Angeles Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 15m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Hollywood, Los Angeles, is just 1.8 km away from the front doors of Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame using any means of transportation. What is the Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 323 536 9092. Does Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame, Los Angeles? Prices at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 219, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 129. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame from Hollywood Walk of Fame? You can walk to Hollywood Walk of Fame while staying at Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame - you’ll be about 0.7 km away. Is Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame close to Hollywood Boulevard? The distance from Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame to Hollywood Boulevard is 0.7 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
