https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/LHotel.htm
LHotel Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 LHotel Montreal LHotel Montreal Hotel 262 Rue Saint-Jacques West, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 468 reviews 8.5 C$ 222 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for LHotel Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About LHotel Montreal Located within walking distance of Central Station Montreal, LHotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It offers free wireless internet in public areas and is moments from Bank of Mo... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 15.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 985 0019 All policies Amenities at LHotel Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Shower cap Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Library Fitness centre Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to LHotel Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to LHotel Montreal Embassy Suites by Hilton Montreal 7.6 Good 208 Saint Antoine Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from Bank of Montreal and Place d'Armes. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Montreal 8.4 Excellent 360 Saint Antoine Street Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is situated in Montreal and features a saltwater swimming pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness room. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Saint Francois Xavier Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 888 Rue Saint-Francois Xavier, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Central Station Montreal, Saint Francois Xavier Serviced Apartments by Hometrotting offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is moments from Bank of Montreal and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 744 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Gault 9.0 Excellent 449 Rue Sainte-Helene, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel Gault offers a contemporary setting while in Montreal. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 323 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for LHotel Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 468 verified guest reviews 8.7Solo 8.4Friends 8.2Families 8.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of LHotel Montreal All photos (60) Bedroom (28) Living room (6) Other (6) Bathroom (5) Where is LHotel Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Notre-Dame Basilica0.3 km Vieux-Port de Montréal0.5 km Place Bonaventure0.6 km Place Ville-Marie0.8 km Marché Bonsecours0.9 km Christ Church Cathedral0.9 km Getting Around Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.5 km Montreal Central0.7 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal Bus1.4 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.6 km Montreal Kirkland23.8 km FAQs when booking at LHotel Montreal How close is LHotel Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 15.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to LHotel Montreal is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to LHotel Montreal? Getting from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to LHotel Montreal can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Montreal. Luckily, LHotel Montreal has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for LHotel Montreal guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is LHotel Montreal considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at LHotel Montreal. How close is LHotel Montreal from the Montreal city center? The center of Old Montreal, Montreal, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of LHotel Montreal. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from LHotel Montreal using any means of transportation. What is the LHotel Montreal phone number? You can reach the front desk of LHotel Montreal at +1 514 985 0019. Does LHotel Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, LHotel Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at LHotel Montreal? Yes. You should consider staying at LHotel Montreal if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at LHotel Montreal? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at LHotel Montreal. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at LHotel Montreal, Montreal? LHotel Montreal room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 265/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 146/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does LHotel Montreal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is LHotel Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Vieux-Port de Montréal in Montreal is 0.5 km away from LHotel Montreal. Is LHotel Montreal close to Centre Bell? LHotel Montreal is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Centre Bell, which is 1.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 LHotel Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
