https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Libertel_Austerlitz_Jardin_des_Plantes.htm
Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Hotel 12 Boulevard De L'Hopital, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,538 reviews 8.0 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is a stone's throw from Seine and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 13.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 43 37 60 80 All policies Amenities at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Inner courtyard view Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Courtyard by Marriott Paris Gare de Lyon 8.6 Excellent 209-211 Rue de Bercy, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV 7.8 Good 2 place Louis Armand, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is a modern setting while visiting Paris and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus La Demeure 8.2 Excellent 51 Boulevard Saint Marcel, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Paris City Centre, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the National Museum of Natural History and the Gobelins Manufactory. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille 8.6 Excellent 11 Rue De Lyon, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel The hotel is located amongst Paris's popular clubs and bars, just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station. It is situated a brief walk from the Opera Bastille, the Paris Opera and Place de la Bastille. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,537 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 8.0Couples 8.0Solo 7.9Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes All photos (31) Bathroom (7) Bedroom (7) Other (6) Restaurant (2) Where is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Most Popular Landmarks AccorHotels Arena1.2 km Pantheon1.3 km Notre Dame1.5 km Bercy Village2.0 km Centre Pompidou2.2 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.5 km Getting Around Paris Austerlitz0.2 km Paris Gare de Lyon0.8 km Paris Quai de la Gare0.9 km Paris Ministère Des Finances P.O.P.B.1.1 km Paris Arc de Triomphe1.3 km Paris Bastille1.3 km FAQs when booking at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Is pricing at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes comparable to 3 star hotels in Paris? There is a 36% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Paris and the average nightly rate at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes. The rate at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes is just C$ 196/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Paris. How close is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes is 23.3 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes. How close is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes from the Paris city center? Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes is just 1.2 km away from the center of 13th arrondissement, Paris. From Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Champs-Elysées. What is the Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes phone number? For questions about Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 43 37 60 80. Does Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes? The standard check-out time at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes, Paris? Usually Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes room prices are around C$ 196/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 86/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes that can be used by guests. How far is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes from Louvre Museum? Louvre Museum in Paris is 2.9 km away from Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes. Is Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes close to AccorHotels Arena? AccorHotels Arena is also a popular place to see in Paris. It is 1.2 km from Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
