https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Libra_Hotel_Los_Angeles.htm
Libra Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Libra Hotel Libra Hotel Hotel 3909 West 6th Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 651 reviews 7.5 C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Libra Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Libra Hotel Libra Hotel Los Angeles provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It also offers a designated smoking area, a vending machine and free Wi-Fi. The hostel has 2 comfortable rooms that... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 7.5 Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 213 272 6618 All policies Amenities at Libra Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property No smoking Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Linens Towels Adults only Carbon monoxide detector Fire extinguisher Air-conditioned Toilet Shampoo Toilet paper Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Heating Shower Trash cans TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Socket near the bed Designated smoking area Private parking CCTV in common areas Show more Services Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to Libra Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Libra Hotel Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles/Koreatown West 7.1 Good 3900 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles Wilshire Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Line Hotel 7.8 Good 3515 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Offering views of Los Angeles, The Line Hotel is situated close to a variety of well-known eateries, plus boasts an outdoor pool. This modern property is ideally situated in Koreatown. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Normandie 8.1 Excellent 605 South Normandie Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute walk from Wilshire/Western Metro Station, Hotel Normandie - Los Angeles offers guests an ideal base when visiting Los Angeles. The multiple facilities this historic hotel features include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and valet parking. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Rotex Western Inn 7.1 Good 921 South Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Ideally located for sightseeing, Rotex Western Inn is a short stroll from several of the city's attractions, including the The Wiltern. This property is conveniently situated in Central Los Angeles and is within walking distance of Wilshire/Western Metro Station. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Libra Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 651 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.3Couples 7.3Families 7.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Libra Hotel All photos (1) Living room (1) Where is Libra Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City10.3 km Venice Beach17.4 km Santa Monica State Beach18.8 km Northridge Fashion Center30.0 km STAPLES Center4.5 km Echo Park4.5 km Getting Around Los Angeles Huntington Park12.4 km Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station12.9 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California13.0 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave13.0 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak13.0 km Los Angeles Autobuses Coordinados Usa13.1 km FAQs when booking at Libra Hotel Is pricing at Libra Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? The average rate for a night at Libra Hotel is 66% less than the Los Angeles average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Libra Hotel is typically C$ 113, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Los Angeles. How close is Libra Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Libra Hotel is 16.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Libra Hotel? Libra Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Libra Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. How close is Libra Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Libra Hotel is just 0.8 km away from the center of Koreatown, Los Angeles. From Libra Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Libra Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 213 272 6618 to talk to a Libra Hotel front desk representative. Does Libra Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Libra Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Libra Hotel? Libra Hotel check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Libra Hotel, Los Angeles? A good deal at Libra Hotel right now is between C$ 44 and C$ 113 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Libra Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
