https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Life_Hotel_New_York_City.htm
Life Hotel, Nomad, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Life Hotel, Nomad Life Hotel, Nomad Hotel 19 West 31st Street, New York, NY, United States C$ 102 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Life Hotel, Nomad Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Life Hotel, Nomad Offering 4-star unique accommodation, Life Hotel New York City is conveniently located in Manhattan. Only a short stroll from Empire State Building, it provides modern rooms equipped with slippers, a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 21.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 615 9900 All policies Amenities at Life Hotel, Nomad Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning ATM on-site Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Safe Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Life Hotel, Nomad Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Life Hotel, Nomad The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue 7.1 Good 17 West 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Pennsylvania Station, The Hotel at Fifth Avenue has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while in New York City. It is close to Empire State Building, eateries and shops. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Martinique New York on Broadway , Curio Collection by Hilton 8.2 Excellent 49 West 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, Martinique New York on Broadway Curio Collection by Hilton offers guests an ideal base while in New York City. It is close to Empire State Building, dining options and shops. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Paul Hotel Nyc-Chelsea Ascend Hotel Collection 6.7 Good 32 West 29th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, The Paul Hotel NYC-Chelsea an Ascend Hotel Collection Member provides guests with a convenient base while in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Pennsylvania Station, Kimpton Hotel Eventi is an ideal base while visiting New York City. It is located a short stroll from Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building and Madison Square Park. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Life Hotel, Nomad All photos (35) Bedroom (14) Building (4) Restaurant (4) Bar (3) Where is Life Hotel, Nomad Most Popular Landmarks Empire State Building0.2 km Madison Square Garden0.6 km Flatiron Building0.7 km Bryant Park0.8 km Grand Central Terminal1.0 km Chrysler Building1.1 km Getting Around New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.3 km New York Madison Ave btwn E. 26th and 27th St0.4 km New York 7th Ave Corner of W 30th St0.5 km New York 368 Park Ave S0.5 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.6 km New York NY-7th St.0.6 km FAQs when booking at Life Hotel, Nomad How close is Life Hotel, Nomad to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 21.2 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Life Hotel, Nomad. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 16m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Life Hotel, Nomad? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Life Hotel, Nomad where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Life Hotel, Nomad considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Life Hotel, Nomad are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Life Hotel, Nomad from the New York city center? Life Hotel, Nomad is 0.7 km away from the center of Flatiron District, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Life Hotel, Nomad by various forms of transportation. What is the Life Hotel, Nomad phone number? For questions about Life Hotel, Nomad and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 615 9900. Does Life Hotel, Nomad have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Life Hotel, Nomad has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Life Hotel, Nomad? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Life Hotel, Nomad. What is the check-out time at Life Hotel, Nomad? The standard check-out time at Life Hotel, Nomad is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Is there a restaurant at Life Hotel, Nomad? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Life Hotel, Nomad for opening and last order times. Does Life Hotel, Nomad have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Life Hotel, Nomad from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at Life Hotel, Nomad - you’ll be about 1.5 km away. Is Life Hotel, Nomad close to Times Square? The distance from Life Hotel, Nomad to Times Square is 1.4 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Life Hotel, Nomad Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
