https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Lihue-vacation-rentals.htm
Lihue, Hawaii Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Lihue, HI Search and compare Lihue, HI vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Lihue, Kaua'i, HI, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Lihue, Kaua'i, HI, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 Kaua'i Hotels 4,642 Lihue Hotels 292 Lihue Vacation Rentals 223 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Lihue Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: July Average price in Lihue: C$ 1,971/night Cheapest price found: C$ 36/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Sunday C$ 154 - C$ 17,521 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 215 - C$ 17,639 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Lihue vacation rentals Show all 292 hotels 1 Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows 8.0 Excellent 2253 B Poipu Road East Entrance, Poipu, Kaua'i, HI, United States Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Poipu, Kaua'i, HI, United States Providing outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and a private beach, Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows is located in Poipu and is a short walk from the Moir Gardens. It has a fitness centre, as well as a kids pool, free Wi-Fi and water slides. View Deals Vacation rental prices in Lihue 3 stars #1 Most popular Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows 2253 B Poipu Road East Entrance, Poipu, Kaua'i, HI, United States 8.0 C$ 377 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Lihue Hotels in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Wahiawā Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Vacation rentals in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Facts about staying in Lihue How much does a vacation rental in Lihue cost? Lihue vacation rentals are C$ 1,971/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, July is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Lihue, and January is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 37/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 1,962/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Lihue vacation rental? Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows has a 8.0 rating from 355 users, making it the best Lihue vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Lihue Airport? It’s only 16.4 km from Lihue Airport to Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows (the nearest Lihue vacation rental to the airport). What part of Lihue is best to stay in? Southeast - Harbor is the best part of Lihue to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Lihue vacation rentals, 91% of them looked for stays in the Southeast - Harbor neighbourhood in the last year. The Banyan Harbor Resort #C33 happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Southeast - Harbor neighbourhood of Lihue. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Lihue near Kalapaki Beach? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Kalapaki Beach while in Lihue, then the most popular is Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows with a 8.0/10 review score from 355 users. The distance from Kalapaki Beach to Castle Kiahuna Plantation & The Beach Bungalows is 14.5 km. Are there any Motel vacation rentals in Lihue? Yes, there are 4 Motel vacation rentals in Lihue. According to our data, Tip Top Motel Cafe & Bakery is currently the most popular Motel rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 Kaua'i Hotels 4,642 Lihue Hotels 292 Lihue Vacation Rentals 223 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
