https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lisbon_Heart_Apartments.htm
Lisbon Heart Apartments, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Lisbon Heart Apartments Lisbon Heart Apartments Apartment Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal C$ 43 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lisbon Heart Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lisbon Heart Apartments Located a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station, Lisbon Heart Apartments is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. The property has 2 apartm... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 6.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Lisbon Heart Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Air-conditioned All amenities Hotels Similar to Lisbon Heart Apartments Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Lisbon Heart Apartments My Story Hotel Tejo 8.7 Excellent Rua Dos Condes de Monsanto 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated only a five-minute walk from Rossio Railway Station, My Story Hotel Tejo provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Lisbon. It is close to Rossio Square, dining options and shops. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Pensao Residencial Alcobia 8.0 Excellent Rua Poço Do Borratém 15, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a convenient base for guests wishing to discover Lisbon's vibrant nightlife, Grande Pensao Residencial Alcobia features a 24-hour reception and views of Castle of Sao Jorge. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu 9.0 Excellent Rua Dom Duarte, 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Tesouro da Baixa by Shiadu is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station. It is close to Rossio Square, shops and nightlife options. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mundial 8.4 Excellent Praça Martim Moniz, 2, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated just a five-minute walk from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Mundial Lisbon provides guests with an ideal base when in Lisbon. It has free wireless internet access and features a roof terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Lisbon Heart Apartments All photos (11) Bedroom (5) Balcony (2) Kitchen (1) Living room (1) Where is Lisbon Heart Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Elevador de Santa Justa0.2 km Castelo de São Jorge0.3 km Chiado Museum0.6 km Sé de Lisboa0.6 km Jardim Botânico1.1 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian3.0 km Getting Around Lisbon Rossio0.3 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias0.5 km Lisbon Restauradores0.5 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.6 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria1.0 km Lisbon Avenida1.0 km FAQs when booking at Lisbon Heart Apartments How close is Lisbon Heart Apartments to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Lisbon Heart Apartments is 6.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 05m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Lisbon Heart Apartments? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Lisbon Heart Apartments from the Lisbon city center? The center of Baixa, Lisbon, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Lisbon Heart Apartments. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Lisbon Heart Apartments using any means of transportation. Does Lisbon Heart Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lisbon Heart Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lisbon Heart Apartments? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How far is Lisbon Heart Apartments from Sé de Lisboa? Sé de Lisboa in Lisbon is 0.6 km away from Lisbon Heart Apartments. Is Lisbon Heart Apartments close to Chiado Museum? Chiado Museum is also a popular place to see in Lisbon. It is 0.6 km from Lisbon Heart Apartments. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Lisbon Heart Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
