https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lisbon_Suite_Home.htm
Lisbon Suite Home, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Lisbon Suite Home Lisbon Suite Home Guest house Rua da Palmira, 27, 1Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 564 reviews 7.0 C$ 76 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lisbon Suite Home Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lisbon Suite Home This comfortable guest house in Lisbon offers free wireless internet, as well as a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally located for those wanting to visit local attractions. T... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.0 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 212 482 756 All policies Amenities at Lisbon Suite Home Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Quiet street view Entire unit located on ground floor Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Body soap Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Cribs available Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Kettle Tile/marble floor Elevator Flat-screen TV Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Outdoor dining area Shared bathroom Shared kitchen City view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Clothes rack Heating Shower Trash cans TV Accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by elevator Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Walk-in shower Socket near the bed Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Show more Services Daily housekeeping Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to Lisbon Suite Home Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Lisbon Suite Home Room Gani - Hostel Rua do Forno do Tijolo n 36, 5 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Room Gani is situated in Lisbon and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Onj S. Lazaro Lisboa 9.0 Excellent Calçada Do Desterro 16 E 22, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel OnJ S Lazaro Lisboa is located in Lisbon and offers free Wi-Fi. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Rossio Railway Station. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Czar Lisbon Hotel 8.3 Excellent Av. Almirante Reis, 103, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated a brief drive from Rossio Square, Czar Lisbon Hotel offers modern accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Quinta Colina by Shiadu 8.8 Excellent Calçada Santana, 200, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel This Lisbon guest house is located within a 10-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. It offers free Wi-Fi, an airport shuttle and a 24-hour reception. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lisbon Suite Home 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 564 verified guest reviews 7.1Friends 6.8Couples 7.1Families 7.3Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lisbon Suite Home All photos (29) Bedroom (9) Balcony (4) Front desk (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Lisbon Suite Home Most Popular Landmarks Castelo de São Jorge1.1 km Jardim Botânico1.4 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.4 km Sé de Lisboa1.6 km Chiado Museum1.7 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.3 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.5 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias0.8 km Lisbon Avenida1.1 km Lisbon Rossio1.2 km Lisbon Restauradores1.2 km Lisbon Picoas1.3 km FAQs when booking at Lisbon Suite Home Is pricing at Lisbon Suite Home comparable to 2 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 40% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Lisbon Suite Home. The rate at Lisbon Suite Home is just C$ 80/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Lisbon Suite Home to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At just 5.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to Lisbon Suite Home is 0h 04m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Lisbon Suite Home? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Lisbon Suite Home guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Lisbon Suite Home from the Lisbon city center? Lisbon Suite Home is 0.6 km away from the center of Arroios, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Lisbon Suite Home by various forms of transportation. What is the Lisbon Suite Home phone number? You can reach the front desk of Lisbon Suite Home at +351 212 482 756. Does Lisbon Suite Home have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lisbon Suite Home has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lisbon Suite Home? Lisbon Suite Home check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Lisbon Suite Home, Lisbon? A good deal at Lisbon Suite Home right now is between C$ 61 and C$ 80 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Lisbon Suite Home from Sé de Lisboa? The popular Sé de Lisboa is just over 1.6 km from Lisbon Suite Home. Is Lisbon Suite Home close to Chiado Museum? Walking distance - there’s 1.7 km between Chiado Museum and Lisbon Suite Home. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Lisbon Suite Home Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
