https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lisboa_Central_Park.htm
Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Hotel Av. Sidonio Pais, 4, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 1,984 reviews 7.6 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Situated in Lisbon, this 3-star property is cosy and peaceful. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. Lisboa Central Park features an all-hours recepti... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 5.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 502 060 All policies Amenities at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Stovetop Body soap Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Vending machine (drinks) Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Cycling Hiking Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 247 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 216 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Hotel Avenida Park 7.1 Good Av. Sidónio Pais, 6, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, Hotel Avenida Park is a short walk from Eduardo VII Park and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hf Fenix Urban 8.1 Excellent Av. António Augusto De Aguiar, 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel HF Fenix Urban is set in Lisbon and is a short walk from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also provides a 24-hour reception, a lift and free Wi-Fi. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Miraparque 8.3 Excellent Avenida Sidonio Pais 12, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Saldanha Metro Station, Hotel Miraparque offers guests an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. Located near well-known attractions, the hotel also provides views of Eduardo VII Park. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial Horizonte 7.1 Good Avenida Antonio Augusto De Aguiar 42, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Residencial Horizonte offers modern accommodation in Lisbon and is within walking distance of Saldanha Metro Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,984 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.8Friends 7.4Families 7.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios All photos (30) Bedroom (8) Bathroom (4) Restaurant (3) Other (3) Where is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico1.1 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.1 km Castelo de São Jorge2.0 km Chiado Museum2.0 km Elevador de Santa Justa2.0 km Sé de Lisboa2.5 km Getting Around Lisbon Picoas0.3 km Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.4 km Lisbon Saldanha0.7 km Lisbon Avenida0.9 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria1.1 km Lisbon Av. da República1.2 km FAQs when booking at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Is pricing at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? The average rate for a night at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios is 24% less than the Lisbon average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios is typically C$ 134, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Lisbon. How close is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With a distance of 5.5 km between Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios and the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 04m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios. How close is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios from the Lisbon city center? The center of Santo António, Lisbon, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios using any means of transportation. What is the Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +351 213 502 060 to talk to a Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios front desk representative. Does Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios? Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios, Lisbon? Prices at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 134, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 75. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios? Yes - Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios have a laundry service? Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios - you’ll be about 2.5 km away. Is Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios close to Chiado Museum? Chiado Museum is also a popular place to see in Lisbon. It is 2 km from Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Lisboa Central Park Hotel Suites & Studios Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
