https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Live_Aqua_Beach_Resort_Cancun.htm
Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Resort Blvd. Kukulcan Km.12.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 435 reviews 8.7 C$ 629 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Situated just a few steps from La Isla Shopping Village, this stylish resort offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, make for a satisfyi... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.7 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 14.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 1:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 881 7600 All policies Amenities at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Fan Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Steam room Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Elevator Minibar Pool bar Shared bathroom Shared toilet Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers Additional bathroom Snack bar Additional toilet Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Breakfast in the room Telephone Tile/marble floor Toilet Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Table tennis Pool table Water sport facilities (on site) Massage Services Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun 8.2 Excellent Km 12.5 Boulevard Kukulcan, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also features miniature golf, a Jacuzzi and a sauna and unique views of Nichupte Lagoon. C$ 418 Avg. per night View Deals Beach Palace 9.1 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Beach Palace-All Inclusive provides a modern setting when in Cancun. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 500 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nyx Cancun 8.0 Excellent Avenida Kukulcan KM 11.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Treating guests to a superb infinity pool overlooking the sea, Hotel NYX Cancun is situated in Cancun and features a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a private beach. There is also a fitness centre with an infinity pool. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals The Royal Sands 8.5 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 13.5 No 32, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Featuring a private beach, an outdoor heated pool and outdoor tennis courts, The Royal Sands All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and provides art deco accommodation. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 360 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 435 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.9Solo 8.5Couples 9.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun All photos (59) Bedroom (13) Living room (8) Restaurant (7) Other (7) Where is Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul3.4 km Playa Tortugas3.7 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun5.0 km Playa Delfines5.4 km Puerto Cancun7.5 km Getting Around Cancún Live Aqua Beach Resort0.1 km Cancún Ado Plaza Kukulcan0.4 km Cancún Plaza Flamingos1.3 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor11.0 km Cancún All Ritmo Resort11.4 km Cancún Ado López Portillo11.9 km FAQs when booking at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun How close is Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At just 14.2 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun? Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun. Is there a pool at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Cancún often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 3 km away from the front doors of Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun using any means of transportation. What is the Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun phone number? You can reach the front desk of Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun at +52 998 881 7600. Does Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun? Yes, there is a gym available to Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun? 1:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun, Cancún? On average, guests have been paying C$ 842 per night to stay at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 16 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun? There is a restaurant located in Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
