https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Living_Lisboa_Baixa_Apartments.htm
Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Apartment Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 383 reviews 8.3 C$ 132 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 7.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Hairdryer Family rooms Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Toilet Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower TV Smartphone dock Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining area Private apartment in building Private bathroom 24hr front desk Sofa Kitchenette Show more Services Ticket service Concierge service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Olivier Apartments - Downtown Lisbon 7.2 Good Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Olivier Apartments - Downtown Lisbon offers easy access to Lisbon's main tourist and retail hot spots. It also provides free wireless internet and is within a five-minute walk of Santa Justa Lift and Rossio Square. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals The 8 - Downtown Suites 8.2 Excellent Rua Da Vitória, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Lisbon. It is close to Santa Justa Lift, eateries and shops. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals B in B Lisbon Downtown Suites 8.1 Excellent 126 Rua Dos Douradores, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, B in B Lisbon Downtown Suites offers easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short stroll from Santa Justa Lift, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a mini bar. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Browns Central Hotel 8.9 Excellent Rua da Assuncao, nº75, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Lisbon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Casa do Mercado Lisboa 9.0 Excellent Rua Da Boavista 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station, this traditional bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Lisbon and its surrounds. It provides free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and a beauty centre. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 383 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 8.7Families 8.3Couples 7.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments All photos (25) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Elevador de Santa Justa0.2 km Chiado Museum0.4 km Sé de Lisboa0.4 km Castelo de São Jorge0.5 km Jardim Botânico1.3 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian3.3 km Getting Around Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.3 km Lisbon Rossio0.5 km Lisbon Restauradores0.6 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias0.7 km Lisbon Cais do Sodré0.8 km Lisbon Avenida1.2 km FAQs when booking at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments How close is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? There are 7.2 km between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 05m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. Is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments. How close is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments from the Lisbon city center? Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments is just 0.1 km away from the center of Baixa, Lisbon. From Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Estádio José Alvalade. Does Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments? Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments, Lisbon? Usually Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments room prices are around C$ 153/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 115/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments - you’ll be about 0.4 km away. Is Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments close to Chiado Museum? The distance from Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments to Chiado Museum is 0.4 km. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
