https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lord_Elgin_Hotel.htm
Lord Elgin Hotel, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Lord Elgin Hotel Lord Elgin Hotel Hotel 100 Elgin Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,454 reviews 8.0 C$ 219 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lord Elgin Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lord Elgin Hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Lord Elgin Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Ottawa. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 235 3333 All policies Amenities at Lord Elgin Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Alarm clock Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski storage Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Lord Elgin Hotel Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Lord Elgin Hotel The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Arc The Hotel 7.1 Good 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Laurier Bus Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lord Elgin Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,454 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 7.9Families 8.1Friends 7.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date N 9.7 Excellent nawal1429, Jun. 2018 it was cool .the staff was friendly and helpful .the hotel is clean the loocation is amazing Photos of Lord Elgin Hotel All photos (14) Building (4) Bedroom (3) Other (2) Bathroom (1) Where is Lord Elgin Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Confederation Park0.1 km Rideau Centre0.4 km Bank Street Promenade0.5 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.5 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.1 km Laurier House1.4 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.2 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.4 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.4 km Ottawa 1 George St0.5 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.7 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.8 km FAQs when booking at Lord Elgin Hotel Is pricing at Lord Elgin Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Ottawa? The average rate for a night at Lord Elgin Hotel is 21% less than the Ottawa average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Lord Elgin Hotel is typically C$ 227, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Ottawa. How close is Lord Elgin Hotel to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Lord Elgin Hotel is 11.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 08m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Lord Elgin Hotel? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Lord Elgin Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Lord Elgin Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Lord Elgin Hotel considered pet-friendly? Lord Elgin Hotel welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Lord Elgin Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Lord Elgin Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Lord Elgin Hotel from the Ottawa city center? Lord Elgin Hotel is 0.7 km away from the center of Centretown, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Lord Elgin Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Lord Elgin Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Lord Elgin Hotel at +1 613 235 3333. Does Lord Elgin Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lord Elgin Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Lord Elgin Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Lord Elgin Hotel. What is the check-out time at Lord Elgin Hotel? The standard check-out time at Lord Elgin Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Lord Elgin Hotel, Ottawa? C$ 128 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Lord Elgin Hotel, with average deals around C$ 227 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Lord Elgin Hotel? Yes - Lord Elgin Hotel does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Lord Elgin Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Lord Elgin Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Lord Elgin Hotel from Canadian War Museum? You can walk to Canadian War Museum while staying at Lord Elgin Hotel - you’ll be about 1.9 km away. Is Lord Elgin Hotel close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Lord Elgin Hotel is just 1.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Lord Elgin Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
