https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Los_Angeles-vacation-rentals.htm
Los Angeles, California Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Los Angeles, CA Search and compare Los Angeles, CA vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Los Angeles, CA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Los Angeles, CA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Los Angeles Vacation Rentals 4,693 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Los Angeles Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Barton Bed & Breakfast 6035 Barton Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Barton Bungalows is situated in Los Angeles and is close to nearby landmarks, including the Hollywood Studio Club and Hollywood Forever Cemetery. It also provides free Wi-Fi. View Deals Luxurious Studio City Home 9.0 Excellent Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 11.1 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 25 reviews 9.0 Luxurious Studio City Home is located in Los Angeles and is close to Universal CityWalk. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. View Deals Hollywood 2 - luxury Family Suite Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Located in Hollywood, this property is a 10-minute walk to the Grauman's Chinese Theatre. It is also a five-minute walk from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Dolby Theatre, and is close to many of the area's popular attractions. View Deals Awesome Stay In Hollywood Blvd Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated in Hollywood, The Awesome Hollywood Stay is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood Boulevard, the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Avalon Hollywood. It also features free Wi-Fi. View Deals Ginosi Downtown Apartel Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Ginosi Downtown Apartel is a comfortable base while visiting Los Angeles and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. View Deals All 5,828 vacation rentals in Los Angeles Tips for booking vacation rentals in Los Angeles Cheapest month: May Most expensive month: July Average price in Los Angeles: C$ 307/night Cheapest price found: C$ 39/night Cheapest day: Wednesday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 78 - C$ 667 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 105 - C$ 723 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Los Angeles, California Show all 5,828 hotels Los Angeles Downtown Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Los Angeles Downtown Apartments is set in Los Angeles and is close to nearby attractions, including Alvarado Terrace Historic District. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Westchester Place 972 Westchester Place, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than a 20-minute walk from Wilshire/Western Metro Station, Westchester Place offers guests a convenient base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Los Angeles Roomrentals Lax 7832 Flight Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 11.5 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Los Angeles LAX Apartments provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Apartel 5.5 Okay Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Cozy Hollywood 522 North Harvard Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Located in Los Angeles, Cozy Hollywood is an easy drive from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Universal Studios Hollywood. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Downtown Cosmopolitan Suites 236 South Los Angeles Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Little Tokyo / Arts District Los Angeles Metro Station. C$ 303 Avg. per night View Deals Venice Beach Vacation Condos Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Venice Beach Vacation Condos provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Los Angeles. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Luxury Double bedrooms Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Luxury double bedroom SUITE is situated in Hollywood, just 40 minutes from Los Angeles International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi and luggage storage. C$ 331 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Los Angeles 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Cozy Hollywood 522 North Harvard Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 250 View Deal #2 Most popular Barton Bed & Breakfast 6035 Barton Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 521 View Deal Best value Los Angeles Roomrentals Lax 7832 Flight Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 210 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Hollywood Executive Suites 7001 Lanewood Ave, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 783 View Deal #2 Most popular Oceana Marina 537 Washington Boulevard, Marina del Rey, CA, United States C$ 391 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Los Angeles Vacation rentals in popular California cities Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood West Hollywood Garden Grove Monterey Show more Hotels in popular Los Angeles neighbourhoods Chinatown, Los Angeles vacation rentals West Hills, Los Angeles vacation rentals Sawtelle, Los Angeles vacation rentals Van Nuys, Los Angeles vacation rentals Northridge, Los Angeles vacation rentals Panorama City, Los Angeles vacation rentals Chatsworth, Los Angeles vacation rentals North Hills, Los Angeles vacation rentals Canoga Park, Los Angeles vacation rentals Valley Village, Los Angeles vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular California cities San Francisco San Diego Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood West Hollywood Garden Grove Monterey Carlsbad Show more Facts about staying in Los Angeles How much does a vacation rental in Los Angeles cost? Los Angeles vacation rentals are C$ 308/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, September is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Los Angeles, and May is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 40/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 304/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Los Angeles vacation rental? Ocean Luxury Lofts and Suites has a 6.5 rating from 297 users, making it the best Los Angeles vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Los Angeles Airport? It’s only 2.4 km from Los Angeles Airport to Lax Teresa Air B&b (the nearest Los Angeles vacation rental to the airport). What part of Los Angeles is best to stay in? Central Los Angeles is the best part of Los Angeles to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Los Angeles vacation rentals, 58% of them looked for stays in the Central Los Angeles neighbourhood in the last year. The Charming 2BR Casita in Front of Park happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Central Los Angeles neighbourhood of Los Angeles. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Los Angeles near Hollywood Bowl? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Hollywood Bowl while in Los Angeles, then the most popular is Metropolitan Apartel with a 5.5/10 review score from 8 users. The distance from Hollywood Bowl to Metropolitan Apartel is 2.6 km. Are there Los Angeles vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 8 Los Angeles vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Metropolitan Apartel is the most popular vacation rental in Los Angeles that features this amenity. Are there any Motel vacation rentals in Los Angeles? Yes, there are 198 Motel vacation rentals in Los Angeles. According to our data, Rodeway Inn Magic Mountain Area is currently the most popular Motel rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Los Angeles Vacation Rentals 4,693 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
