https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lotte_Hotel_Seoul.htm
Lotte Hotel Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Lotte Hotel Seoul Lotte Hotel Seoul Hotel 30, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 1,239 reviews 8.8 C$ 241 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lotte Hotel Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lotte Hotel Seoul Lotte Hotel Seoul is situated in Seoul and features complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sulwhasoo Spa and Fitness Center. The hotel treats guests to a variety of rec... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 48.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2771 1000 All policies Amenities at Lotte Hotel Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Mountain view Air-conditioned Pants press Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Iron and ironing board Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Massage Services Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Lotte Hotel Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Lotte Hotel Seoul ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 8.2 Excellent 78, Namdaemun-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern Seoul hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2). Featuring views of Namsan, it also provides a wide range of amenities, including free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals New Seoul Hotel 8.0 Excellent 16, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel New Seoul Hotel provides modern 3-star accommodation in Seoul. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2). C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals New Kukje Hotel 8.6 Excellent 12, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel New Kukje Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Koreana Hotel 8.4 Excellent 135, Sejong-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Koreana Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Guests also have exclusive access to the HN Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lotte Hotel Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,239 verified guest reviews 8.8Solo 8.8Friends 8.8Couples 8.6Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date A 8.7 Great Anonymous, Jan. 2018 very good A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Oct. 2017 Excellent location. V 10.0 Excellent valerie_koh, Feb. 2017 the staff in lotte are very good in English thus I do not have problems communicating with them .they are very helpful and will go extra miles in helping me.i really enjoyed my stay a lot .it's the best service n best location hotel I have ever stayed from all the hotels I have stayed .this is really the best .it has airport bus stop located just in front of the hotel 16,000won per person with just 1hour10mins ride.i would definitely recommend this hotel and would love to stay here whenever I visit Seoul .Thank u so much for your hospitality LOTTE HOTEL THUMBS UP!! Photos of Lotte Hotel Seoul All photos (60) Bedroom (24) Restaurant (12) Lounge (7) Living room (6) Where is Lotte Hotel Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.4 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.8 km Dongdaemun Market2.5 km Dongdaemun Gate2.6 km Yeouido Park6.7 km COEX Mall9.0 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.6 km Seoul Yongsan4.3 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.3 km Seoul Sangbong9.9 km FAQs when booking at Lotte Hotel Seoul Is pricing at Lotte Hotel Seoul comparable to 5 star hotels in Seoul? There is a 67% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Seoul and the average nightly rate at Lotte Hotel Seoul. The rate at Lotte Hotel Seoul is just C$ 270/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Seoul. How close is Lotte Hotel Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Lotte Hotel Seoul is 15.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Lotte Hotel Seoul? Lotte Hotel Seoul has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Lotte Hotel Seoul? Yes. Many people visiting Seoul look for a hotel with a pool. Lotte Hotel Seoul has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Lotte Hotel Seoul from the Seoul city center? Lotte Hotel Seoul is 0.4 km away from the center of Myeong-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Lotte Hotel Seoul by various forms of transportation. What is the Lotte Hotel Seoul phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 2771 1000. Does Lotte Hotel Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lotte Hotel Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Lotte Hotel Seoul? Lotte Hotel Seoul does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Lotte Hotel Seoul? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Lotte Hotel Seoul, Seoul? Lotte Hotel Seoul room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 270/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 187/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Lotte Hotel Seoul? There is a restaurant located in Lotte Hotel Seoul. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Lotte Hotel Seoul have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Lotte Hotel Seoul from Dongdaemun Gate? Lotte Hotel Seoul is a good place to stay to see Dongdaemun Gate. It’s 2.6 km away. Is Lotte Hotel Seoul close to Gwanghwamun? Lotte Hotel Seoul is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Gwanghwamun, which is 1.2 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Lotte Hotel Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
