https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/LOTTE_City_Hotel_Guro.htm
LOTTE City Hotel Guro, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 LOTTE City Hotel Guro LOTTE City Hotel Guro Hotel 300, Digital-ro, Guro-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 1,173 reviews 8.7 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for LOTTE City Hotel Guro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About LOTTE City Hotel Guro LOTTE City Hotel Guro is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The hotel features an all-hours reception, as well as a coffee ba... More Good to Know To Downtown 11.0 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 39.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 210 1000 All policies Amenities at LOTTE City Hotel Guro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Streaming service Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to LOTTE City Hotel Guro Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to LOTTE City Hotel Guro Khan Hotel 74, Beodeunaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 4.5 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of National Assembly Subway Station (Line 9), Hotel Khan offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The State Sunyu 8.6 Excellent 132, Yangpyeong-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 5.9 km from current hotel Just a minute's walk from Seonyudo Subway Station (Line 9), The State Sunyu Hotel is an ideal place to stay while visiting Seoul. It also provides free private parking on site and Hongdae Area is a short car trip away. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Han River Seoul 11 Yangpyeong-ro 28-Gil, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.2 km from current hotel TOV Hotel & Residence offers a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 7.4 km from current hotel Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for LOTTE City Hotel Guro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,173 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.8Couples 8.7Families 8.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date H 9.7 Excellent hj, Jun. 2019 rooms were clean and the staffs were friendly Photos of LOTTE City Hotel Guro All photos (52) Bedroom (15) Room amenity (5) Building (4) Gym (4) Where is LOTTE City Hotel Guro Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace12.5 km Dongdaemun Market13.5 km Dongdaemun Gate13.8 km COEX Mall14.5 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium15.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool20.6 km Getting Around Seoul Bus10.0 km Seoul Cheongnyangni17.1 km Seoul Sangbong20.7 km Seoul Yongsan7.7 km FAQs when booking at LOTTE City Hotel Guro Is pricing at LOTTE City Hotel Guro comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Hotels in Seoul that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 143/night, but on average, LOTTE City Hotel Guro is available for 40% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at LOTTE City Hotel Guro for C$ 115/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Seoul. How close is LOTTE City Hotel Guro to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At just 12.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to LOTTE City Hotel Guro is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to LOTTE City Hotel Guro? For the most freedom while visiting Seoul, consider renting a car for about C$ 128/day and parking it at LOTTE City Hotel Guro where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is LOTTE City Hotel Guro from the Seoul city center? The center of Garibong-dong, Seoul, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of LOTTE City Hotel Guro. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from LOTTE City Hotel Guro using any means of transportation. What is the LOTTE City Hotel Guro phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 26 210 1000 to talk to a LOTTE City Hotel Guro front desk representative. Does LOTTE City Hotel Guro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, LOTTE City Hotel Guro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at LOTTE City Hotel Guro? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at LOTTE City Hotel Guro. What is the check-out time at LOTTE City Hotel Guro? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at LOTTE City Hotel Guro, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at LOTTE City Hotel Guro, Seoul? C$ 60 per night is the best price found recently for a room at LOTTE City Hotel Guro, with average deals around C$ 115 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at LOTTE City Hotel Guro? Yes, food can be ordered from the LOTTE City Hotel Guro restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does LOTTE City Hotel Guro have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at LOTTE City Hotel Guro. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 LOTTE City Hotel Guro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
