https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lotte_New_York_Palace.htm
Lotte New York Palace, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Lotte New York Palace Lotte New York Palace Hotel 455 Madison Avenue, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 418 reviews 8.4 C$ 519 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lotte New York Palace Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lotte New York Palace Lotte New York Palace is set in Midtown Manhattan and is a 10-minute walk from The Museum of Modern Art and Rockefeller Center. It is a 10-minute drive from Central Park and has private parking on sit... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 8.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 888 7000 All policies Amenities at Lotte New York Palace Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Snack bar Sofa No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned CD player Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Steam room Private parking Show more Activities Massage Evening entertainment Gaming console Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Lotte New York Palace Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Lotte New York Palace Radisson Hotel New York Midtown Fifth Avenue 6.8 Good 25 W 51st St, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Radisson Hotel New York Midtown-Fifth Avenue is a short walk from The Museum of Modern Art and provides free Wi-Fi. It is close to Rockefeller Center, dining options and shops. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection 7.9 Good 511 Lexington Avenue at 48th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is situated in Manhattan, and offers meeting rooms, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is located a brief walk from Rockefeller Center. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals The Gotham Hotel 8.3 Excellent 16 East 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station, The Gotham Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting New York City. It is situated a short stroll from The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 293 Avg. per night View Deals The Roosevelt Hotel 45 E 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel The Roosevelt Hotel offers historic accommodation in New York City and is a few minutes on foot from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 503 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lotte New York Palace 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 418 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 8.5Families 8.3Friends 8.2Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lotte New York Palace All photos (49) Bedroom (10) Living room (7) Building (5) Lobby (3) Where is Lotte New York Palace Most Popular Landmarks Grand Central Terminal0.6 km Chrysler Building0.7 km Times Square0.8 km Bryant Park0.9 km Broadway0.9 km Carnegie Hall0.9 km Getting Around New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.3 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.6 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.7 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.7 km New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.7 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.9 km FAQs when booking at Lotte New York Palace Is pricing at Lotte New York Palace comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 1,217. The expected nightly rate for Lotte New York Palace is around C$ 854; a price that is 48% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Lotte New York Palace to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in New York. How close is Lotte New York Palace to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Lotte New York Palace is 21.1 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lotte New York Palace? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lotte New York Palace can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, Lotte New York Palace has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Lotte New York Palace considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Lotte New York Palace during their stay. How close is Lotte New York Palace from the New York city center? Lotte New York Palace is just 0.4 km away from the center of Midtown East, New York. From Lotte New York Palace you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the Lotte New York Palace phone number? You can reach the front desk of Lotte New York Palace at +1 212 888 7000. Does Lotte New York Palace have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lotte New York Palace has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Lotte New York Palace? Yes, there is a gym available to Lotte New York Palace guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Lotte New York Palace? The standard check-out time at Lotte New York Palace is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Lotte New York Palace, New York? A good deal at Lotte New York Palace right now is between C$ 347 and C$ 854 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Lotte New York Palace? There is a restaurant located in Lotte New York Palace. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Lotte New York Palace have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Lotte New York Palace. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Lotte New York Palace from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at Lotte New York Palace - you’ll be about 0.4 km away. Is Lotte New York Palace close to Times Square? 0.8 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Lotte New York Palace. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Lotte New York Palace Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
