https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lumia_Hotel.htm
Lumia Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Lumia Hotel Lumia Hotel Motel 31-9, Toegye-ro 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 56 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lumia Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Lumia Hotel Situated a short stroll from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), Hotel Lumia Myeongdong provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 48.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2755 1300 All policies Amenities at Lumia Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Kettle Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Free toiletries Safe Shops (on site) Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Lumia Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Lumia Hotel Hotel Mido Myeongdong 7.2 Good 20-3, Toegye-ro 10-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel MIDO Myeongdong is a comfortable base while in Seoul and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a rooftop terrace. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Hill House Hotel 7.5 Good 42, Sogong-ro 3-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Central Seoul, this modern hotel offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manu Seoul 8.4 Excellent 19, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is a five-minute walk from the Namdaemun Gate. It also offers body treatments, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Hilton Seoul 8.3 Excellent 50, Sowol-Ro, Jung-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Central Seoul, Millennium Hilton Seoul provides stylish accommodation with superior facilities. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 305 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lumia Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lumia Hotel All photos (24) Bedroom (7) Other (3) Balcony (2) Bathroom (2) Where is Lumia Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.6 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.2 km Dongdaemun Market2.8 km Dongdaemun Gate3.0 km Yeouido Park6.1 km COEX Mall8.5 km Getting Around Seoul Bus0.9 km Seoul Sangbong10.3 km Seoul Yongsan3.4 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.7 km FAQs when booking at Lumia Hotel Is pricing at Lumia Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? The average rate for a night at Lumia Hotel is 69% less than the Seoul average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Lumia Hotel is typically C$ 60, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Seoul. How close is Lumia Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Lumia Hotel is 15.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Lumia Hotel? Lumia Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Seoul, renting a car for around C$ 128/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Lumia Hotel from the Seoul city center? The center of Namchang-dong, Seoul, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Lumia Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Lumia Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Lumia Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 2755 1300 to talk to a Lumia Hotel front desk representative. Does Lumia Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lumia Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Lumia Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Lumia Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Lumia Hotel, Seoul? C$ 47 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Lumia Hotel, with average deals around C$ 60 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Lumia Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Lumia Hotel for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Lumia Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Lumia Hotel. How far is Lumia Hotel from Dongdaemun Gate? You can walk to Dongdaemun Gate while staying at Lumia Hotel - you’ll be about 3 km away. Is Lumia Hotel close to Gwanghwamun? The distance from Lumia Hotel to Gwanghwamun is 2 km. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Lumia Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
