https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Lutecia_Smart_Design_Hotel.htm
Lutecia Smart Design Hotel, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Hotel Avenida Frei Miguel Contreiras, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 5,329 reviews 8.3 C$ 70 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Located in Lisbon, Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is an easy drive from Bairro Alto and provides disabled parking. It has complimentary wireless internet, a bar and is close to the Teatro Maria Matos. More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 3.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 218 411 300 All policies Amenities at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible parking Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Spa bath Breakfast in the room Telephone Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Trash cans Coffee machine Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Hotel Roma 8.5 Excellent Avenida de Roma 33, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Roma Lisbon is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's popular attractions. The various facilities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, a hair salon and meeting rooms. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno 7.6 Good Avenida Joao XXI, 80, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno offers 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Lisbon 7.9 Good Avenida Antonio Jose De Almeida 28-a, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, Holiday Inn Lisboa is within a 10-minute drive of Lisbon Portela Airport and provides a rooftop pool and a rooftop terrace. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals NH Lisboa Campo Grande 8.5 Excellent Campo Grande 7, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Providing a sauna and a Jacuzzi, NH Lisboa Campo Grande is situated in Lisbon and is a short stroll from the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal. It has a fitness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and meeting rooms. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Lutecia Smart Design Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 5,330 verified guest reviews 8.3Couples 8.3Friends 8.4Families 8.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Lutecia Smart Design Hotel All photos (52) Bedroom (20) Conference room (8) Bathroom (4) Lobby (4) Where is Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.6 km Jardim Botânico3.2 km Castelo de São Jorge3.5 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.8 km Chiado Museum3.9 km Sé de Lisboa4.1 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.7 km Lisbon Entrecampos0.8 km Lisbon Av. da República1.0 km Lisbon Alameda1.2 km Lisbon Saldanha1.5 km Lisbon Picoas1.9 km FAQs when booking at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel How close is Lutecia Smart Design Hotel to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is 3.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Lutecia Smart Design Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Lutecia Smart Design Hotel from the Lisbon city center? The center of Areeiro, Lisbon, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Lutecia Smart Design Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Sé de Lisboa, which you can get to from Lutecia Smart Design Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Lutecia Smart Design Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +351 218 411 300. Does Lutecia Smart Design Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Lutecia Smart Design Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Lutecia Smart Design Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel? Lutecia Smart Design Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel, Lisbon? Usually Lutecia Smart Design Hotel room prices are around C$ 119/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 50/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Lutecia Smart Design Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Lutecia Smart Design Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Lutecia Smart Design Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Lutecia Smart Design Hotel from Estádio José Alvalade? Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is a good place to stay to see Estádio José Alvalade. It’s 2.6 km away. Is Lutecia Smart Design Hotel close to Teatro Nacional D. Maria II? If you want to see Teatro Nacional D. Maria II while visiting Lisbon, Lutecia Smart Design Hotel is just 3.5 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Lutecia Smart Design Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
