https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/M_Montreal_Hostel.htm
M Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 M Montreal M Montreal Hostel 1245 Rue Saint-André, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,944 reviews 8.7 C$ 44 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for M Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About M Montreal This Montreal hostel is located within a 10-minute walk of Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. Guests can enjoy ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 8.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 845 9803 All policies Amenities at M Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Privacy curtain Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Reading light Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Grill Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Bingo Evening entertainment Karaoke Pool table Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to M Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to M Montreal Hotel Les Suites Labelle 7.8 Good 1205 Labelle, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated only a short stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Hotel les Suites Labelle offers guests a convenient base while in Montreal. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Universite du Quebec s Montreal and Saint Denis Street. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Star Montreal 910 Maisonneuve Boulevard East, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The hotel is located amongst Montreal's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also offers a concierge, luggage storage and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Arena Palace Montreal 1553, St André, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is moments on foot from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Roberval 7.7 Good 505 Rene-Levesque East, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel le Roberval provides modern accommodation in Montreal and is a few minutes on foot from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. It also features meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for M Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,944 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.6Families 8.6Friends 8.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of M Montreal All photos (29) Bedroom (5) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is M Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Marché Bonsecours0.9 km Vieux-Port de Montréal1.3 km Notre-Dame Basilica1.3 km Christ Church Cathedral1.7 km Parc Jean-Drapeau1.8 km Place Ville-Marie1.8 km Getting Around Montreal Bus0.4 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque1.7 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles18.2 km Montreal Central2.0 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph2.7 km FAQs when booking at M Montreal Is pricing at M Montreal comparable to 2 star hotels in Montreal? In Montreal, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 127. The expected nightly rate for M Montreal is around C$ 109; a price that is 37% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers M Montreal to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Montreal. How close is M Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 16.2 km drive between M Montreal and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to M Montreal? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is M Montreal from the Montreal city center? M Montreal is just 0.5 km away from the center of Quartier Latin, Montreal. From M Montreal you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as La Ronde. What is the M Montreal phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 845 9803 to talk to a M Montreal front desk representative. Does M Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, M Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at M Montreal? M Montreal check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at M Montreal, Montreal? C$ 30 per night is the best price found recently for a room at M Montreal, with average deals around C$ 109 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at M Montreal? There is a restaurant located in M Montreal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does M Montreal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is M Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? M Montreal is a good place to stay to see Vieux-Port de Montréal. It’s 1.3 km away. Is M Montreal close to Centre Bell? Centre Bell is also a popular place to see in Montreal. It is 2.4 km from M Montreal. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 M Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
