https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Madrid-vacation-rentals.htm
Madrid, Spain Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Madrid, Spain Search and compare Madrid, Spain vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Madrid, Spain 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Madrid, Spain Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Madrid Hotels 7,816 Madrid Vacation Rentals 6,178 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Madrid Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters B&B Apartamentos Madrid Centro Fuencarral 46 8.5 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,243 reviews 8.5 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Madrid. It is close to La Latina, eateries and shops. View Deals Mh Apartments Central Madrid 9.0 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 883 reviews 9.0 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Madrid. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Sol Metro Station. View Deals Muralto Madrid Princesa 8.6 Excellent Calle Buen Suceso, 3, Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 259 reviews 8.6 Located close to Principe Pio Station, Aparto Suites Muralto provides guests with an ideal base while in Madrid. Apartments are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is included free of charge. View Deals Aspasios Atocha Apartments 8.7 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 595 reviews 8.7 Aspasios Atocha Apartments is situated conveniently in Madrid and is within a 10-minute walk of Atocha Railway Station. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. View Deals Roisa Centro 8.2 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,996 reviews 8.2 Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Madrid. Just a short stroll from Plaza del Dos de Mayo, it offers modern apartments equipped with free wireless internet access, a kitchenette and a refrigerator. View Deals Suites You Zinc 7.6 Good Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain GoodBased on 1,186 reviews 7.6 Set in the heart of Madrid, Suites You Zinc is a short walk from Sol Metro Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. View Deals Suites Viena Plaza de España 8.8 Excellent Juan Alvarez Mendizabal 17, Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 764 reviews 8.8 Suites Viena Plaza de Espana is set in Madrid and is close to local landmarks, including Principe Pio. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, just a short walk from Plaza de Espana. View Deals Pierre & Vacances Apartamentos Edificio Eurobuilding 2 8.6 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 928 reviews 8.6 Pierre & Vacances Madrid Apartamentos Eurobuilding 2 is located in Madrid and features a rooftop terrace. The multiple facilities this modern property offers include meeting rooms, a kids pool and an outdoor pool. View Deals Apartamentos El Tiempo 7.9 Good Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain GoodBased on 263 reviews 7.9 Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Madrid. It is steps from Puerta del Sol, restaurants and nightlife options. View Deals Mola! Suites 8.7 Excellent Atocha 16, Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain ExcellentBased on 1,567 reviews 8.7 Centrally situated, Mola Suites offers easy access to Madrid's main sightseeing areas. Some of the popular facilities provided at this modern 4-star property include free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. View Deals All 7,816 vacation rentals in Madrid Tips for booking vacation rentals in Madrid Cheapest month: December Most expensive month: September Average price in Madrid: C$ 150/night Cheapest price found: C$ 43/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 43 - C$ 272 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 45 - C$ 279 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Madrid vacation rentals Show all 7,816 hotels 1 Olala Mad Apartments 8.6 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain A 10-minute walk from Puente de Vallecas Metro Station, Olala MAD Apartments has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Madrid. It provides a lift, and is a brief stroll from Vallecas Stadium. View Deals 2 Plaza de España Skyline 9.2 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Be Mate Plaza Espana is a comfortable setting while in Madrid and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a concierge, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 3 Smartrental Collection Centric II 8.7 Excellent Gran Via 48, Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Set in the heart of the city, Smartrental Collection Centric II provides easy access to Madrid's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It has a fitness centre, as well as a sauna, a sun deck and an outdoor pool. View Deals 4 Urban Vida Calatrava Calle Calatrava 18, Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Situated in the heart of the city, Urban Vida Calatrava offers easy access to Madrid's popular retail and sightseeing areas. Only a short stroll from the Gate of Toledo, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator. View Deals 5 Boutike Cibeles 8.9 Excellent Alcala 57, Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Situated just a short stroll from Plaza de Cibeles, this elegant property features both a restaurant and a bar. It is also within walking distance of Madrid's well-known attractions. View Deals 6 Aspasios Calle Mayor Apartments 8.8 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Only two minutes from Plaza Mayor, Aspasios Calle Mayor Apartments is centrally situated in Madrid. It is located a short stroll from Plaza de Oriente, Gran Via and Royal Palace of Madrid. View Deals 7 New Point Madrid Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Conveniently positioned, New Point Madrid Apartments allows for easy access to Madrid's best tourist attractions. It also features free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. View Deals 8 60 Balconies Art 9.1 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Madrid. It is moments from the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia, eateries and nightlife options. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Madrid, Spain Show all 7,816 hotels Apartamentos San Lorenzo 26 Madrid, Spain Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Located in Madrid City Centre, this property offers good value accommodation. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Palacio PL Conde de Miranda 9.3 Excellent Plaza Del Conde de Miranda 1, Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Situated in the heart of the city, Palacio Plaza Conde Miranda provides easy access to Madrid's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals CriteriaHome! nice&easy 8.6 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain CriteriaHome offers 3-star accommodation in Madrid. Guests can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Compostela Suites Apartments 7.8 Good Madrid, Spain Show on map 11.0 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Located in Madrid, Compostela Suites Apartments is within a 10-minute drive of Madrid-Barajas Airport and offers an outdoor pool. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Goya 75 6.5 Good Madrid, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain This 3-star property offers contemporary accommodation in Madrid and is a few minutes on foot from Principe de Vergara Metro Station. It is close to the Real Academia de las Artes de San Fernando, eateries and shops. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Esentia Togumar 8.3 Excellent Madrid, Spain Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Esentia Togumar provides modern accommodation in Madrid and is within a 20-minute walk of Avenida de America Metro Station. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Village Sol Apartments Madrid, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Situated in the heart of the city, Village Sol Apartments offers easy access to Madrid's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Just moments from Gran Via, it provides air-conditioned apartments with complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Stylish City Apartamentos 6.9 Good Madrid, Spain Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Madrid, Spain Less than a 20-minute walk from Diego de Leon Metro Station, Stylish City Apartamentos offers guests an ideal base when visiting Madrid. It also offers a 24-hour reception, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Madrid 3 stars #1 Most popular Urban Vida Salamanca Calle de Eraso, 5, Madrid, Spain C$ 541 View Deal #2 Most popular Suites Viena Plaza de España Juan Alvarez Mendizabal 17, Madrid, Spain 8.8 C$ 135 View Deal Best value Muralto Madrid Princesa Calle Buen Suceso, 3, Madrid, Spain 8.6 C$ 123 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Smartrental Collection Centric II Gran Via 48, Madrid, Spain 8.7 C$ 174 View Deal #2 Most popular Sevilla City Center Calle Eguilaz, 7, Madrid, Spain C$ 149 View Deal Best value Mola! Suites Atocha 16, Madrid, Spain 8.7 C$ 130 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Madrid Hotels in popular Madrid neighbourhoods Moratalaz, Madrid vacation rentals Gran Via, Madrid vacation rentals San Blas-Canillejas, Madrid vacation rentals Usera, Madrid vacation rentals Puente de Vallecas, Madrid vacation rentals Goya, Madrid vacation rentals Puerta del Ángel, Madrid vacation rentals Canillas, Madrid vacation rentals Arganzuela, Madrid vacation rentals Canillejas, Madrid vacation rentals Show more Vacation rentals in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Show more Hotels in popular Spain cities Barcelona Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Lloret de Mar Show more Facts about staying in Madrid How much does a vacation rental in Madrid cost? Madrid vacation rentals are C$ 151/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, September is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Madrid, and December is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 43/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 142/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Madrid vacation rental? Plaza de España Skyline has a 9.2 rating from 1,439 users, making it the best Madrid vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Madrid Barajas Airport? It’s only 4.1 km from Madrid Barajas Airport to Compostela Suites Apartments (the nearest Madrid vacation rental to the airport). What part of Madrid is best to stay in? Centro is the best part of Madrid to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Madrid vacation rentals, 5% of them looked for stays in the Centro neighbourhood in the last year. The Village Chueca Apartments happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Centro neighbourhood of Madrid. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Madrid near Plaza Mayor? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Plaza Mayor while in Madrid, then the most popular is Aspasios Calle Mayor Apartments with a 8.8/10 review score from 1,011 users. The distance from Plaza Mayor to Aspasios Calle Mayor Apartments is 0.0 km. Are there Madrid vacation rentals with “pets” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 4 Madrid vacation rentals mention “pets” under their list of amenities. The Esentia Togumar is the most popular vacation rental in Madrid that features this amenity. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Madrid? Yes, there are 66 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Madrid. According to our data, Studios Cielo Madrid is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Madrid Hotels 7,816 Madrid Vacation Rentals 6,178 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
