https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Magnolia_Hotel_Spa.htm
Magnolia Hotel & Spa, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Magnolia Hotel & Spa Magnolia Hotel & Spa Hotel 623 Courtney Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 185 reviews 9.2 C$ 250 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Magnolia Hotel & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Magnolia Hotel & Spa Located in Victoria, just a 10-minute walk from Victoria Railway Station, Magnolia Hotel & Spa offers 4.5-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It is steps from the Greater Victoria ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 9.2 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 381 0999 All policies Amenities at Magnolia Hotel & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Spa and wellness centre Radio Kid-friendly Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Slippers Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Parking (surcharge) Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Magnolia Hotel & Spa Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Magnolia Hotel & Spa The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia 8.1 Excellent 805 Gordon Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as complimentary wireless internet, The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is a comfortable place to stay in Victoria. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, restaurants and shops. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Strathcona Hotel 7.7 Good 919 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Treating guests to a rooftop beach club with a volleyball court and a BBQ area with city views, Strathcona Hotel is convenient positioned in Victoria. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, eateries and shops. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Fairmont Empress Hotel is located in Victoria and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is close to British Columbia Parliament Buildings, dining options and shops. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria 8.2 Excellent 777 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an infinity pool and free wired internet, the hotel is situated in Victoria and is a short stroll from Inner Harbour and the Greater Victoria Public Library. It is moments from Victoria Conference Centre, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Magnolia Hotel & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 185 verified guest reviews 9.5Friends 9.1Couples 9.3Solo 9.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Magnolia Hotel & Spa All photos (60) Other (16) Bedroom (13) Building (6) Bathroom (4) Where is Magnolia Hotel & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.3 km Victoria Harbour0.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.0 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.2 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.2 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.4 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station0.3 km Victoria Douglas at View0.3 km Victoria Ferry0.5 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.0 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.5 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.5 km FAQs when booking at Magnolia Hotel & Spa Is pricing at Magnolia Hotel & Spa comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? Magnolia Hotel & Spa is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Victoria. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 256 per night in Victoria. Magnolia Hotel & Spa will run you C$ 250 per night, which is 27% cheaper than the Victoria average. How close is Magnolia Hotel & Spa to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 0.4 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Magnolia Hotel & Spa. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Magnolia Hotel & Spa? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Magnolia Hotel & Spa considered pet-friendly? Magnolia Hotel & Spa welcomes most household pets. How close is Magnolia Hotel & Spa from the Victoria city center? Magnolia Hotel & Spa is just 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Victoria. From Magnolia Hotel & Spa you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the Magnolia Hotel & Spa phone number? You can reach the front desk of Magnolia Hotel & Spa at +1 250 381 0999. Does Magnolia Hotel & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Magnolia Hotel & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Magnolia Hotel & Spa? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Magnolia Hotel & Spa. What is the check-out time at Magnolia Hotel & Spa? The standard check-out time at Magnolia Hotel & Spa is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Magnolia Hotel & Spa, Victoria? Prices at Magnolia Hotel & Spa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 250, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 185. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Magnolia Hotel & Spa? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Magnolia Hotel & Spa for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Magnolia Hotel & Spa have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Magnolia Hotel & Spa that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Magnolia Hotel & Spa from Emily Carr House? Emily Carr House in Victoria is 1.1 km away from Magnolia Hotel & Spa. Is Magnolia Hotel & Spa close to Royal Theatre? The distance from Magnolia Hotel & Spa to Royal Theatre is 0.3 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Magnolia Hotel & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
