https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Maison_Albar_Hotels_Le_Diamond.htm
Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Hotel 4 Rue de la Pepiniere, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,087 reviews 8.5 C$ 384 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Offering 5-star luxury accommodation, Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond is conveniently situated in 8th arrondissement - Champs-Elysees. The multiple amenities this contemporary hotel offers include a co... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Paris Orly Distance to airport 16.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 44 70 02 00 All policies Amenities at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Aerobics Archery Bingo Cooking classes Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Le Grand Hotel De Normandie 7.6 Good 4 rue d'Amsterdam, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Le Grand Hotel de Normandie is situated in Paris and is within a 10-minute walk of Opera Metro Station. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alfred Sommier 8.5 Excellent 20 Rue de l'Arcade, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is situated a brief stroll from Galeries Lafayette and the Palais Garnier. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals Atlantic Hotel 8.8 Excellent 44 Rue de Londres, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Atlantic Hotel Paris provides a traditional setting while in Paris. It also offers meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bowmann 8.9 Excellent 99 Boulevard Haussmann, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hotel Bowmann is located in Paris and is close to the Arc De Triomphe. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 466 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 1,087 verified guest reviews 8.4Solo 8.5Couples 8.8Friends 8.6Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date K 8.7 Great KAI-CHIH, Jun. 2017 離地鐡站近，很方便！ Photos of Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond All photos (53) Bedroom (22) Bathroom (6) Other (6) Restaurant (3) Where is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Most Popular Landmarks Galeries Lafayette0.7 km Champs-Elysées1.1 km Cimetière de Montmartre1.5 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee1.7 km Louvre Museum1.9 km Arc De Triomphe2.1 km Getting Around Paris Saint-Lazare0.2 km Paris Haussmann Saint-Lazare0.4 km Paris Opéra0.8 km Paris Place de Clichy0.9 km Paris Place de la Concorde1.1 km Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt1.2 km FAQs when booking at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Is pricing at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond comparable to 5 star hotels in Paris? Nightly rates at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond will generally be 62% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Paris. When staying at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 483/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Paris for a 5-stars hotel. How close is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? There are 22.5 km between the closest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond. How close is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond from the Paris city center? The center of 9th arrondissement, Paris, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond using any means of transportation. What is the Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond please call +33 1 44 70 02 00. Does Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond? Yes. You should consider staying at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond? The standard check-out time at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond, Paris? C$ 109 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond, with average deals around C$ 483 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond from Champs-Elysées? The popular Champs-Elysées is just over 1.1 km from Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond. Is Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond close to Louvre Museum? The distance from Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond to Louvre Museum is 1.9 km. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
