https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mamas_Papas_Hongdae_Guesthouse.htm
Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,714 Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Guest house 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea GoodBased on 118 reviews 7.1 C$ 13 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilitie... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 5.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 105 414 7626 All policies Amenities at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Towels Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Shampoo Toilet paper Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared toilet Towels/sheets (extra fee) Heating Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner 24hr front desk Storage available Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 754 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul L7 Hongdae By Lotte 8.5 Excellent 141, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Mapo-gu, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE is a short walk from Hongdae Area and provides a swimming pool. There is also a fitness centre with a sun deck, an infinity pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 129 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Uwa Guesthouse 9.0 Excellent 96, World Cup Buk-ro 6-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, UWA Guesthouse is a short drive from Namdaemun Market and Gyeongbokgung Palace. It also provides a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon 8.9 Excellent 8-3, Sinchon-ro 3ga-Gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Sinchon Subway Station (Line 2), Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Tommy 9.3 Excellent 66, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hostel Tommy is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Anguk Subway Station (Line 3). C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 212 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 119 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 4.5Couples 6.7Solo 8.9Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul All photos (28) Bedroom (13) Other (4) Bathroom (2) Living room (2) Where is Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Most Popular Landmarks COEX Mall12.7 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium13.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool18.4 km Yeouido Park2.6 km Gyeongbokgung Palace5.9 km Dongdaemun Market8.0 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni11.8 km Seoul Sangbong15.4 km Seoul Bus4.4 km Seoul Yongsan4.5 km FAQs when booking at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Is pricing at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul comparable to 2 star hotels in Seoul? There is a 73% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Seoul and the average nightly rate at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul. The rate at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul is just C$ 32/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Seoul. How close is Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 10.7 km between Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul from the Seoul city center? Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul is 0.5 km away from the center of Seogang-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul by various forms of transportation. What is the Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul please call +82 (0) 105 414 7626. Does Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul? Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul, Seoul? C$ 12 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul, with average deals around C$ 32 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul? There is a restaurant located in Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,714 Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
