https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mandalay_Bay.htm
Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Resort 3950 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 6,348 reviews 8.1 C$ 147 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Featuring its very own Shark Reef Aquarium, as well as an 11-acre sand beach and 5 pools, Mandalay Bay offers an impressive range of entertainment options, right on the Las Vegas Strip. It is also wit... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.8 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 632 7777 All policies Amenities at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Delano Las Vegas 8.1 Excellent 3940 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Delano Las Vegas at Mandalay Bay provides a modern setting when in Las Vegas. Guests also have exclusive access to the Bathhouse Spa and Bathhouse Gym. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 456 Avg. per night View Deals Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Luxor Las Vegas offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Downtowner Boutique Hotel 6.9 Good 129 North 8th Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Las Vegas. It provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and an outdoor pool. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Wynn Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It is steps from Wynn Las Vegas, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 351 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 6,348 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 8.2Friends 8.1Solo 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Living room (10) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Most Popular Landmarks Shark Reef Aquarium0.4 km T-Mobile Arena1.2 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.5 km Crystals at City Center1.8 km Sam's Town10.3 km TPC Summerlin15.4 km Getting Around Las Vegas Excalibur0.8 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio0.9 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Greyhound North12.8 km Las Vegas Lds Temple16.7 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd17.9 km FAQs when booking at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Is pricing at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino comparable to 4 star hotels in Las Vegas? The average rate for a night at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is 47% less than the Las Vegas average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is typically C$ 329, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Las Vegas. How close is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At just 2.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino during their stay. Is there a pool at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? Yes, Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is just 2.4 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino phone number? For questions about Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 632 7777. Does Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. What is the check-out time at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, Las Vegas? Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 329/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 12/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino? There is a restaurant located in Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. Please contact them for kitchen hours. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino have a laundry service? Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.1 km from Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
