https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mandarin_Oriental_New_York.htm
Mandarin Oriental, New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Mandarin Oriental, New York Mandarin Oriental, New York Hotel 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 1 review 8.8 C$ 813 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mandarin Oriental, New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Mandarin Oriental, New York Boasting views of Manhattan, Mandarin Oriental New York is steps from New York City's popular tourist spots. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The hotel has sweeping ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 22.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 805 8800 All policies Amenities at Mandarin Oriental, New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Minibar Safe Sauna Shops (on site) Room service Iron and ironing board Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Indoor pool 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Bicycle rental Services Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle (surcharge) Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Spa Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mandarin Oriental, New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 667 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. Guests can make the most of the sun on the terrace or have a drink at the bar. Free Wi-Fi access is available. The rooms are air conditioned and feature an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a private bathroom. They all offer a flat-screen TV, a seating area and an in-room safe. On-site dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient spot to enjoy a meal. Guests can also try one of the various bars and restaurants in the area. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to Refinery Hotel, with Bryant Park only a five-minute stroll away. Guests can also visit Madison Square Garden and Rockefeller Center. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Mandarin Oriental, New York Hudson New York 358 West 58th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. It is situated a brief walk from Broadway, the New York City Center and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. C$ 601 Avg. per night View Deals The Watson Hotel 8.0 Excellent 440 West 57th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in New York City, The Watson Hotel is within a 30-minute drive of LaGuardia Airport and offers a rooftop pool. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Essex House New York 8.1 Excellent 160 Central Park South, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, JW Marriott Essex House New York provides cosy accommodation with superior amenities. With views of Central Park, the hotel also offers deluxe amenities and services, including free Wi-Fi. C$ 655 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Midtown 7.5 Good 210 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Dream Midtown is just moments from the New York City Center. It is 10 minutes on foot from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art, and showcases views of New York City and Times Square. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 235 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 483 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 400 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mandarin Oriental, New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1 verified guest review 8.8Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mandarin Oriental, New York All photos (34) Bedroom (5) Living room (5) Outdoors view (5) Other (4) Where is Mandarin Oriental, New York Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.5 km Broadway0.9 km Times Square1.1 km Bryant Park1.8 km Grand Central Terminal1.9 km Citi Field11.6 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.7 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.8 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.4 km New York Port Authority1.5 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.5 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.7 km FAQs when booking at Mandarin Oriental, New York How close is Mandarin Oriental, New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Mandarin Oriental, New York is 22.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 17m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mandarin Oriental, New York? Mandarin Oriental, New York has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 49/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Mandarin Oriental, New York considered pet-friendly? Mandarin Oriental, New York welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Mandarin Oriental, New York? Yes, Mandarin Oriental, New York has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mandarin Oriental, New York from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 1 km away from the front doors of Mandarin Oriental, New York. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Mandarin Oriental, New York using any means of transportation. What is the Mandarin Oriental, New York phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 805 8800. Does Mandarin Oriental, New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mandarin Oriental, New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mandarin Oriental, New York? Yes. You should consider staying at Mandarin Oriental, New York if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Mandarin Oriental, New York? Mandarin Oriental, New York check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, New York? A good deal at Mandarin Oriental, New York right now is between C$ 595 and C$ 1,780 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Mandarin Oriental, New York? There is a restaurant located in Mandarin Oriental, New York. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Mandarin Oriental, New York have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Mandarin Oriental, New York that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Mandarin Oriental, New York from Rockefeller Center? Rockefeller Center in New York is 1.2 km away from Mandarin Oriental, New York. Is Mandarin Oriental, New York close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 1.1 km between Times Square and Mandarin Oriental, New York. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 Mandarin Oriental, New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
