https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mardi_Gras_Hotel_Casino.htm
Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Hotel 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 5,429 reviews 6.6 C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino has a gym with a swimming poo... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.7 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 731 2020 All policies Amenities at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Casino Golf Videogames Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel 8.3 Excellent 3400 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel is located in Las Vegas and offers a Jacuzzi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals The Rita Suites 7.0 Good 344 East Desert Inn Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel The Rita Suites is set in Las Vegas and is a short walk from Las Vegas Convention Center Monorail Station. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 333 Avg. per night View Deals Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center 7.5 Good 4034 South Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas provides a traditional setting when in Las Vegas. It also offers free Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Encore at Wynn Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 5,429 verified guest reviews 6.3Friends 6.6Couples 6.7Solo 6.4Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino All photos (37) Bedroom (6) Living room (5) Pool (5) Bar (3) Where is Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Most Popular Landmarks High Roller1.5 km TPC Summerlin15.1 km Fountains of Bellagio2.3 km Stratosphere Tower2.4 km Crystals at City Center2.5 km MGM Grand Garden Arena2.6 km Getting Around Las Vegas Westgate Hotel1.2 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall1.4 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.8 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.9 km Las Vegas Lds Temple13.3 km FAQs when booking at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino How close is Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino is 4.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino? Yes, Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino from the Las Vegas city center? Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino is 1.5 km away from the center of East of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino by various forms of transportation. What is the Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 731 2020 to talk to a Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino front desk representative. Does Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 83 per night to stay at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 8 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino have a laundry service? Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino is a walkable distance (2.3 km) from Fountains of Bellagio, Las Vegas. Is Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino close to Thomas and Mack Center? Walking distance - there’s 2.5 km between Thomas and Mack Center and Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
