https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Marketas_Bed_and_Breakfast.htm
Marketa's Bed and Breakfast, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Guest house 239 Superior Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 587 reviews 8.9 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Marketa's Bed and Breakfast is ideal for those wishing to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also offers free Wi... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.9 Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 384 9844 All policies Amenities at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Fishing Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Cooking classes Windsurfing Services Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Haterleigh Heritage Inn 7.6 Good 243 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, Haterleigh Heritage Inn is located in Victoria and provides Victorian accommodation. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a concierge and a tour desk. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor/outdoor connecting pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA is located in Victoria and offers modern accommodation. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The Oswego Hotel provides modern 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Huntingdon Manor Hotel 7.7 Good 330 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Huntingdon Manor Hotel is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a kids club. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Marketa's Bed and Breakfast 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 587 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.8Couples 9.0Solo 9.0Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Marketa's Bed and Breakfast All photos (27) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (5) Other (3) Patio (2) Where is Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Most Popular Landmarks Victoria Fisherman's Wharf0.4 km Fisherman's Wharf Park0.4 km Victoria Harbour0.6 km Open Space Arts Society0.8 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.8 km Bear Mountain Golf Club12.8 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry0.4 km Victoria Bus Station0.9 km Victoria Douglas at View1.1 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.6 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.0 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.8 km FAQs when booking at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast How close is Marketa's Bed and Breakfast to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With no traffic, the 0.6 km drive between Marketa's Bed and Breakfast and Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Marketa's Bed and Breakfast? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Marketa's Bed and Breakfast can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, Marketa's Bed and Breakfast has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Marketa's Bed and Breakfast from the Victoria city center? Marketa's Bed and Breakfast is 0.4 km away from the center of James Bay, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Marketa's Bed and Breakfast by various forms of transportation. What is the Marketa's Bed and Breakfast phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast please call +1 250 384 9844. Does Marketa's Bed and Breakfast have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Marketa's Bed and Breakfast has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast, guests should plan for any time after 1:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast, Victoria? Prices at Marketa's Bed and Breakfast will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 137, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 82. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Marketa's Bed and Breakfast from Emily Carr House? The popular Emily Carr House is just over 1 km from Marketa's Bed and Breakfast. Is Marketa's Bed and Breakfast close to Royal Theatre? Walking distance - there’s 1.2 km between Royal Theatre and Marketa's Bed and Breakfast. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Marketa's Bed and Breakfast Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
