https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/ME_London_by_Melia.htm
Me London, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Me London Me London Hotel 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 1,525 reviews 8.6 C$ 513 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Me London Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Me London Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. Fea... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 395 3400 All policies Amenities at Me London Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Gaming console Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Me London Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Me London Strand Palace Hotel 8.1 Excellent 372 Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Strand Palace Hotel London provides art deco accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It is located a brief stroll from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and West End Theater District. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Trafalgar Square London 8.1 Excellent 18/21 Northumberland Avenue, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Offering 4-star accommodation, Citadines Trafalgar Square London is conveniently located in Westminster. It is close to Trafalgar Square, eateries and shops. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Apex Temple Court Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1-2 Serjeants' Inn, Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Apex Temple Court Hotel is an elegant base when visiting London and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Flemings Mayfair 8.7 Excellent 7-12 Half Moon Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Just minutes from Green Park Tube Station, Flemings Mayfair is one of London's oldest hotels and offers luxury accommodation and facilities, including a fully-equipped gym. Close to shops and restaurants, the hotel is a convenient base when in London. C$ 509 Avg. per night View Deals Marlin Waterloo 7.9 Good 111 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Imperial War Museum. It offers free Wi-Fi, room service and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Me London 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,525 verified guest reviews 8.5Friends 8.6Families 8.3Solo 8.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Me London All photos (60) Other (10) Restaurant (9) Living room (8) Bathroom (6) Where is Me London Most Popular Landmarks Trafalgar Square0.8 km Leicester Square0.8 km Bloomsbury Square0.9 km London Eye0.9 km Piccadilly Circus1.1 km British Museum1.1 km Getting Around London Embankment0.5 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)0.6 km London Charing Cross0.6 km London Belvedere Road0.8 km London Waterloo1.0 km London Blackfriars1.1 km FAQs when booking at Me London Is pricing at Me London comparable to 5 star hotels in London? In London, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 805. The expected nightly rate for Me London is around C$ 593; a price that is 45% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Me London to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in London. How close is Me London to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? There are 23.8 km between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Me London. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 18m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Me London? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Me London guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. Is Me London considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Me London are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Me London from the London city center? The center of Covent Garden, London, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Me London. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Wembley Stadium, which you can get to from Me London using any means of transportation. What is the Me London phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 395 3400 to talk to a Me London front desk representative. Does Me London have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Me London has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Me London? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Me London. What is the check-out time at Me London? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Me London. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Me London, London? Usually Me London room prices are around C$ 593/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 359/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Me London? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Me London, London. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Me London have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Me London from Tower Bridge? Tower Bridge in London is 3.1 km away from Me London. Is Me London close to Hyde Park? If you want to see Hyde Park while visiting London, Me London is just 3.7 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Me London Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
