https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Media_Rotana_Hotel.htm
Media Rotana, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Media Rotana Media Rotana Hotel Al Barsha, off Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 2,450 reviews 7.6 C$ 151 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Media Rotana Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Media Rotana Providing an on-site night club and a beauty salon, Media Rotana Hotel is situated in Dubai and boasts 5-star accommodation. Guests also have exclusive access to the Infinity SPA and Bodylines Fitness... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 25.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4435 0000 All policies Amenities at Media Rotana Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Fitness classes Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' club Playground Massage Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Media Rotana Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 366 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Media Rotana Ramee Rose Hotel 6.1 Good Tecom, al Barsha P.O.Box, 26816, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Ramee Rose Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Atana Hotel 7.8 Good Tecom, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a swimming pool and a sauna, Atana Hotel is situated in Dubai and provides comfortable accommodation. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel offers comfortable 4-star rooms and a lounge bar. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals First Central Hotel Suites 8.1 Excellent Tecom, Al Barsha 3, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, First Central Hotel Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and facial treatments. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Metro Central Dubai 8.5 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Citadines Metro Central Apartments offers a modern setting in Dubai and has a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking on-site. There is also a fitness centre with a cross trainer, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Media Rotana 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 2,450 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 7.7Friends 7.6Couples 7.6Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2020 Staff were great cooperative and very helpful O 7.6 Good Omar, Jan. 2019 The size of the classic suit is not that big according to its price. As my family said. A 9.7 Excellent ahmed saafan, Jan. 2018 9.8 out of 10 the open buffet for dinner was not that much good compared to price A 8.4 Great Anonymous, Aug. 2017 pool was it operational... clozed for maintenance... not informed about it....... bothrooms couls use a facelift.... takes too lomg for hot water to come M 10.0 Excellent Mahmoud , May 2017 Nice Hotel T 8.5 Great ThameR , Apr. 2017 The Night Club is annoying Photos of Media Rotana All photos (60) Bedroom (29) Restaurant (6) Lobby (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Media Rotana Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse14.1 km Burj Khalifa14.4 km The Dubai Fountain14.5 km Dubai Mall14.8 km Emirates Towers16.7 km Al Karama20.9 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station19.7 km Dubai Np20.9 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus23.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station4.1 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach45.5 km FAQs when booking at Media Rotana Is pricing at Media Rotana comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? There is a 71% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Dubai and the average nightly rate at Media Rotana. The rate at Media Rotana is just C$ 184/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dubai. How close is Media Rotana to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 25.2 km between Media Rotana and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 19m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Media Rotana? Getting from Dubai Intl Airport to Media Rotana can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 61/day in Dubai. Luckily, Media Rotana has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Media Rotana guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Media Rotana? Yes, Media Rotana has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Media Rotana from the Dubai city center? Media Rotana is just 0.4 km away from the center of Barsha Heights, Dubai. From Media Rotana you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Gold Souq. What is the Media Rotana phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Media Rotana please call +971 4435 0000. Does Media Rotana have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Media Rotana has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Media Rotana? Yes, Media Rotana has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Media Rotana? Media Rotana has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:30 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Media Rotana, Dubai? A good deal at Media Rotana right now is between C$ 41 and C$ 184 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Media Rotana? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Media Rotana, Dubai. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Media Rotana have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Media Rotana. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Media Rotana from Souq Madinat Jumeirah? Media Rotana is a good place to stay to see Souq Madinat Jumeirah. It’s 3.8 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Media Rotana Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
