https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mercure_Paris_Gare_De_Lyon_TGV.htm
Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Hotel 2 place Louis Armand, Paris, France GoodBased on 2,261 reviews 7.8 C$ 189 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is a modern setting while visiting Paris and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel features include an express check-i... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 22.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 9 69 36 75 33 All policies Amenities at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Snack bar Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Courtyard by Marriott Paris Gare de Lyon 8.6 Excellent 209-211 Rue de Bercy, Paris, France Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille 8.6 Excellent 11 Rue De Lyon, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The hotel is located amongst Paris's popular clubs and bars, just a short stroll from Paris Lyon Railway Station. It is situated a brief walk from the Opera Bastille, the Paris Opera and Place de la Bastille. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Libertel Austerlitz Jardin des Plantes 8.0 Excellent 12 Boulevard De L'Hopital, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. It is a stone's throw from Seine and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale Des Jeunes 6.2 Good 10 Rue Trousseau, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' walk from Paris Lyon Railway Station, Auberge Internationale des Jeunes provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Paris. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,261 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 8.0Families 7.5Solo 7.9Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV All photos (56) Bedroom (18) Other (8) Room amenity (6) Conference room (5) Where is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Most Popular Landmarks AccorHotels Arena0.8 km Bercy Village1.6 km Notre Dame1.9 km Pantheon1.9 km Centre Pompidou2.3 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.0 km Getting Around Paris Gare de Lyon0.1 km Paris Ministère Des Finances P.O.P.B.0.6 km Paris Austerlitz0.6 km Paris Quai de la Gare0.8 km Paris Bercy Bourgogne - Pays d'Auvergne1.0 km Paris Bastille1.0 km FAQs when booking at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Is pricing at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Paris. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 343 per night in Paris. Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV will run you C$ 258 per night, which is 44% cheaper than the Paris average. How close is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? With no traffic, the 22.7 km drive between Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV from the Paris city center? Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is just 1 km away from the center of Bastille, Paris. From Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Champs-Elysées. What is the Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV please call +33 9 69 36 75 33. Does Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV? The standard check-out time at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV, Paris? C$ 145 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV, with average deals around C$ 258 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV? Yes - Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV from Louvre Museum? You can walk to Louvre Museum while staying at Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV close to AccorHotels Arena? 0.8 km - making AccorHotels Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Mercure Paris Gare De Lyon TGV Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
