https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mercure_Bangkok_Siam.htm
Mercure Bangkok Siam, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Mercure Bangkok Siam Mercure Bangkok Siam Hotel 927 Rama 1 Road, Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1,227 reviews 8.5 C$ 107 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mercure Bangkok Siam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Mercure Bangkok Siam Mercure Bangkok Siam is set in Bangkok and is within a 10-minute walk of Siam BTS Station. It is close to MBK Center, restaurants and shops. Guests staying at Mercure Bangkok Siam can enjoy t... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 659 2888 All policies Amenities at Mercure Bangkok Siam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business secretarial services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mercure Bangkok Siam Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Mercure Bangkok Siam ibis Bangkok Siam 8.3 Excellent Rama 1 Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Siam BTS Station, ibis Bangkok Siam Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Bangkok. Just a short walk from MBK Center, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free wireless internet. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Pathumwan Princess Hotel 8.8 Excellent 444 Mbk Center, Phayathai Rd., Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a popular location, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has views of Bangkok, and is moments from Siam Square. Guests also have exclusive access to the Bangkok Spa and Olympic Club. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Evergreen Place Siam By Uhg 8.5 Excellent 318 Phaya Thai Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Evergreen Place Siam by UHG offers a contemporary setting while in Bangkok. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a rooftop terrace. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok 9.4 Excellent 991/ 9 Rama 1 Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel This 5-star hotel offers modern accommodation in Bangkok and is a short stroll from Siam BTS Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Kempinski The Spa and Health Club. C$ 375 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mercure Bangkok Siam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 1,227 verified guest reviews 8.6Families 8.5Couples 8.3Friends 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mercure Bangkok Siam All photos (37) Conference room (6) Bedroom (5) Other (4) Gym (3) Where is Mercure Bangkok Siam Most Popular Landmarks MBK Center0.2 km Siam Square0.5 km Centralworld1.1 km Central World Plaza1.1 km Pratunam1.3 km Rajamangala Stadium10.1 km Getting Around Bangkok National Stadium Bts0.0 km Bangkok Ratchathewi Bts0.6 km Bangkok Siam Bts0.6 km Bangkok Valaya Alongkorn Rajabhat University0.9 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi1.1 km Bangkok PTT Petrol station (near the Victory Monument)1.1 km FAQs when booking at Mercure Bangkok Siam Is pricing at Mercure Bangkok Siam comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? In Bangkok, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 96. The expected nightly rate for Mercure Bangkok Siam is around C$ 116; a price that is 10% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Mercure Bangkok Siam to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Bangkok. How close is Mercure Bangkok Siam to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 20.3 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Mercure Bangkok Siam. The average expected drive time from Mercure Bangkok Siam to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Mercure Bangkok Siam? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Mercure Bangkok Siam can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Mercure Bangkok Siam has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Mercure Bangkok Siam guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Mercure Bangkok Siam? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Mercure Bangkok Siam has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Mercure Bangkok Siam from the Bangkok city center? The center of Wang Mai, Bangkok, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Mercure Bangkok Siam. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Mercure Bangkok Siam using any means of transportation. What is the Mercure Bangkok Siam phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 659 2888. Does Mercure Bangkok Siam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mercure Bangkok Siam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mercure Bangkok Siam? Yes, there is a gym available to Mercure Bangkok Siam guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Mercure Bangkok Siam? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Mercure Bangkok Siam, Bangkok? A good deal at Mercure Bangkok Siam right now is between C$ 49 and C$ 116 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Mercure Bangkok Siam? There is a restaurant located in Mercure Bangkok Siam. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Mercure Bangkok Siam have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Mercure Bangkok Siam, Bangkok. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Mercure Bangkok Siam from Victory Monument? The popular Victory Monument is just over 2.3 km from Mercure Bangkok Siam. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Mercure Bangkok Siam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
