https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ginosi_Metropolitan_Apartel.htm
Metropolitan Apartel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Metropolitan Apartel Metropolitan Apartel Apartment Los Angeles, CA, United States OkayBased on 8 reviews 5.5 C$ 226 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Metropolitan Apartel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Metropolitan Apartel Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. The room is air conditioned and includes a coffee maker, a private balcon... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.0 km Rating 5.5 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 19.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Metropolitan Apartel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Microwave Laundry facilities Elevator Non-smoking rooms available Air-conditioned Refrigerator Kitchen 24hr front desk Parking Hairdryer All amenities Hotels Similar to Metropolitan Apartel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Metropolitan Apartel Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites 6.2 Good 6055 West Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites offers guests a convenient base when in Los Angeles. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood City Inn 7.5 Good 1615 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Hollywood City Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals The Dixie Hollywood 7.2 Good 5410 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Set in Hollywood, The Dixie Hollywood is moments away from the Hollywood and Western Building. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals W Hollywood 7.0 Good 6250 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Set just a short stroll from Hollywood and Vine and Hollywood Boulevard, this modern hotel offers both a restaurant and a bar. This chic property is ideally located in Hollywood and is within walking distance of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Metropolitan Apartel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.5 PassableBased on 8 verified guest reviews 2.8Families 4.5Couples 7.2Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Metropolitan Apartel All photos (57) Living room (22) Bedroom (13) Kitchen (6) Outdoors view (6) Where is Metropolitan Apartel Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood and Vine1.0 km Hollywood Boulevard1.6 km Westfield Century City10.4 km Venice Beach19.1 km Santa Monica State Beach19.6 km Hollywood Walk of Fame2.2 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus0.5 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel1.5 km Los Angeles Bus Terminal - 1716 E 7th St10.3 km Los Angeles Station10.7 km Los Angeles West La (palms)11.2 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California12.6 km FAQs when booking at Metropolitan Apartel How close is Metropolitan Apartel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At 19.4 km away, Los Angeles Airport is the closest airport to Metropolitan Apartel. The average expected drive time from Metropolitan Apartel to Los Angeles Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Metropolitan Apartel? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at Metropolitan Apartel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Metropolitan Apartel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is Metropolitan Apartel considered pet-friendly? Metropolitan Apartel welcomes most household pets. How close is Metropolitan Apartel from the Los Angeles city center? Metropolitan Apartel is just 1.3 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. From Metropolitan Apartel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. Does Metropolitan Apartel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Metropolitan Apartel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Metropolitan Apartel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Metropolitan Apartel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Does Metropolitan Apartel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Metropolitan Apartel. How far is Metropolitan Apartel from Hollywood Walk of Fame? You can walk to Hollywood Walk of Fame while staying at Metropolitan Apartel - you’ll be about 2.2 km away. Is Metropolitan Apartel close to Hollywood Boulevard? The distance from Metropolitan Apartel to Hollywood Boulevard is 1.6 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Metropolitan Apartel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
