https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Gamma_Cancun_Centro.htm
Mex Hoteles, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Mex Hoteles Mex Hoteles Hotel 28 Av Carlos Nader 2, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 2,308 reviews 8.0 C$ 58 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mex Hoteles Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Mex Hoteles A 10-minute walk from Cancun Bus Station, the hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal base while visiting Cancun. It is ideally situated in the city centre. This modern hotel offe... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 380 6190 All policies Amenities at Mex Hoteles Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Cleaning products Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mex Hoteles Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Mex Hoteles Hotel Plaza Caribe 6.8 Good Calle Pino Mza. 1 Lote. 19 Smza. 23, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Hotel Plaza Caribe is located conveniently in Cancun and is just minutes from Cancun Bus Station. It also features an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Parador 7.2 Good Av. Tulum No. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in Cancun, Hotel Parador is close to Cancun Bus Station and offers complimentary internet access. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a concierge. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar 8.1 Excellent Av Carlos Nader Calle Mero No.12, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Cancun Bus Station, Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar offers guests an ideal base while visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Hacienda de Castilla 6.9 Good Calle 17, Sm. 64, Mza. 23, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Cancun. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mex Hoteles 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 2,308 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 7.9Couples 7.9Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mex Hoteles All photos (54) Bedroom (13) Pool (11) Restaurant (8) Gym (4) Where is Mex Hoteles Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun1.9 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun12.1 km Playa Delfines12.7 km Playa Tortugas6.5 km Playa Gaviota Azul9.0 km Getting Around Cancún Autobuses del Centro0.4 km Cancún ADO Central bus station0.4 km Cancún Secrets The Vine Hotel10.2 km Cancún Hard Rock Hotel10.3 km Cancún Jw Marriott Resort & Spa10.4 km Cancún Paradisus10.7 km FAQs when booking at Mex Hoteles Is pricing at Mex Hoteles comparable to 4 star hotels in Cancún? In Cancún, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 292. The expected nightly rate for Mex Hoteles is around C$ 89; a price that is 78% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Mex Hoteles to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Cancún. How close is Mex Hoteles to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Mex Hoteles is 15.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Mex Hoteles? Mex Hoteles has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Mex Hoteles? Yes, Mex Hoteles has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mex Hoteles from the Cancún city center? The center of Downtown, Cancún, is just 2.9 km away from the front doors of Mex Hoteles. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Mex Hoteles using any means of transportation. What is the Mex Hoteles phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +52 998 380 6190. Does Mex Hoteles have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mex Hoteles has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mex Hoteles? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Mex Hoteles. What is the check-out time at Mex Hoteles? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Mex Hoteles, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Mex Hoteles, Cancún? Mex Hoteles room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 89/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 44/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Mex Hoteles? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Mex Hoteles for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Mex Hoteles have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Mex Hoteles that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Mex Hoteles from Plaza de Toros? The popular Plaza de Toros is just over 1.9 km from Mex Hoteles. Is Mex Hoteles close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? The distance from Mex Hoteles to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book is 2.5 km. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Mex Hoteles Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
