https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/MGM_Grand.htm
MGM Grand Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 MGM Grand Hotel and Casino MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Hotel 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 8,102 reviews 7.5 C$ 128 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Boasting a lazy river and private poolside cabanas, MGM Grand is ideal for entertainment-seeking guests as it provides nightly performances in the Garden Arena. Only a five-minute walk from MGM Grand ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.6 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 891 1111 All policies Amenities at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Pool table Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Skylofts at MGM Grand 8.9 Excellent 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, SKYLOFTS at MGM Grand provides luxury 5-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally close to McCarran International Airport, which is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 1,329 Avg. per night View Deals New York-New York Hotel & Casino 7.8 Good 3790 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, New York - New York Hotel and Casino is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas 6.4 Good 115 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has direct access to McCarran International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort 6.8 Good 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Established in 1957 and situated in Las Vegas, the resort offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Las Vegas Strip. Just minutes from McCarran International Airport, it provides a trendy overnight stay in a convenient location. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for MGM Grand Hotel and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 8,103 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 7.4Solo 7.6Friends 7.6Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date J 8.7 Great jesus, May 2018 it was great loved it A 10.0 Excellent Angel, Feb. 2018 great customer service. in all aspects great J 10.0 Excellent Jennifer, Jan. 2018 I loved everything A 7.2 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2017 small room D 4.5 Mediocre Diane, Nov. 2017 long lines at checkin and checkout 7am. lousy room very expensive for value received. e.g. cold water only at sink. Will never stay at MGM Grand again. A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2017 we enjoyed staying st MGM Photos of MGM Grand Hotel and Casino All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Living room (9) Restaurant (7) Bathroom (6) Where is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Most Popular Landmarks MGM Grand Garden Arena0.3 km Crystals at City Center0.7 km T-Mobile Arena0.7 km Fountains of Bellagio1.2 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.6 km High Roller1.7 km Getting Around Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel0.3 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio0.4 km Las Vegas Excalibur0.6 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.3 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.8 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.9 km FAQs when booking at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino How close is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? There are 2.6 km between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 02m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to MGM Grand Hotel and Casino? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to MGM Grand Hotel and Casino can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, MGM Grand Hotel and Casino has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Las Vegas often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino for pool rules and guidelines. How close is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? MGM Grand Hotel and Casino is just 1.3 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From MGM Grand Hotel and Casino you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino phone number? The best way to contact MGM Grand Hotel and Casino is by calling +1 702 891 1111. Does MGM Grand Hotel and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, MGM Grand Hotel and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas? Usually MGM Grand Hotel and Casino room prices are around C$ 315/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 10/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino? Yes - MGM Grand Hotel and Casino does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does MGM Grand Hotel and Casino have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at MGM Grand Hotel and Casino - you’ll be about 1.2 km away. Is MGM Grand Hotel and Casino close to Thomas and Mack Center? 2.3 km - making Thomas and Mack Center a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 MGM Grand Hotel and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
