https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Midpointe_Hotel_by_Rosen_Hotels_Resorts.htm
Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Hotel 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States C$ 72 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and c... More Good to Know To Downtown 15.2 km Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 15.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 352 1507 All policies Amenities at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Free toiletries Safe Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Desk Hot tub 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Clarion Inn & Suites At International Drive 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Clarion Inn & Suites At International Drive is located in Orlando and provides modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,697 Avg. per night View Deals Rosen Centre Hotel 8.7 Excellent 9840 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This hotel is situated in International Drive, just a 10-minute walk from Orange County Convention Center. It offers an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Orlando 8.1 Excellent 6001 Destination Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This 4-star resort is located in International Drive, and boasts a range of premium amenities including a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. It also provides a sauna, water slides and an outdoor pool. C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Orlando Theme Parks 7.6 Good 6301 Westwood Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located amongst popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Best Western Orlando Convention Center Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to explore Orlando and its surroundings. It also provides a free shuttle service, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall 5.3 Okay 9301 S Orange Blossom Trl, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Boasting an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, Days Inn by Wyndham Orlando Airport Florida Mall is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts All photos (21) Bathroom (4) Bedroom (3) Other (3) Building (2) Where is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Most Popular Landmarks Aquatica1.0 km International Drive1.2 km Pointe Orlando1.3 km SeaWorld Orlando1.5 km Epcot10.1 km Magic Kingdom Park11.6 km Getting Around Orlando Seaworld Hotels0.6 km Orlando Sand Lake Road10.1 km Orlando Orange Blossom Center10.2 km Orlando Jet Set Terminal10.3 km Orlando 1777 Mccoy Rd10.7 km Orlando Walt Disney World Resort11.5 km FAQs when booking at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts How close is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With a distance of 15.1 km between Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts and the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts? Getting from Orlando Airport to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Orlando. Is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts during their stay. Is there a pool at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts? Yes, Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts from the Orlando city center? The center of Florida Center, Orlando, is just 4.7 km away from the front doors of Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Universal Orlando Resort, which you can get to from Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts using any means of transportation. What is the Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts please call +1 407 352 1507. Does Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts? Yes, there is a gym available to Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts? Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Does Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts from Discovery Cove? The popular Discovery Cove is just over 1.9 km from Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts. Is Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts close to SeaWorld Orlando? Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit SeaWorld Orlando, which is 1.5 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
