https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Millennium_Premier_New_York_Times_Square.htm
Millennium Premier New York Times Square, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Millennium Premier New York Times Square Millennium Premier New York Times Square Hotel 133 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,990 reviews 7.0 C$ 240 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Millennium Premier New York Times Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Millennium Premier New York Times Square This hotel is located in Manhattan, and offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Times Square and is near the area's popular attracti... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 21.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 789 7670 All policies Amenities at Millennium Premier New York Times Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Shuttle service Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Millennium Premier New York Times Square Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Millennium Premier New York Times Square Hotel Mela Times Square 7.0 Good 120 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, Hotel Mela offers 4-star accommodation and luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is close to Times Square, eateries and shops. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Times Square New York 8.5 Excellent 135 West 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in New York City, Hyatt Centric Times Square New York provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It also features a rooftop terrace with city views. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central 7.6 Good 136 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is just a quick walk to the New York Public Library. It is close to Times Square, dining options and shops. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Millennium Premier New York Times Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 1,990 verified guest reviews 6.8Families 6.9Friends 7.0Couples 7.0Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent ANN, Aug. 2018 The staff is fantastic - the room was gorgeous and large and modern and impeccably clean with so many amenities. The bed is so comfortable it is hard to get up each morning. Their breakfast is top of the line and so is their wine party every day. The bathroom took my breath away! I cannot wait to go back again and again and again. The location is right in the heart of Times Square. Photos of Millennium Premier New York Times Square All photos (26) Bedroom (5) Lobby (4) Lounge (3) Room amenity (3) Where is Millennium Premier New York Times Square Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.3 km Bryant Park0.4 km Broadway0.5 km Grand Central Terminal0.8 km Empire State Building0.9 km Chrysler Building0.9 km Getting Around New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.4 km New York Port Authority0.5 km New York 201 West 37th St0.6 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.6 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.6 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.7 km FAQs when booking at Millennium Premier New York Times Square Is pricing at Millennium Premier New York Times Square comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 461. The expected nightly rate for Millennium Premier New York Times Square is around C$ 477; a price that is 23% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Millennium Premier New York Times Square to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in New York. How close is Millennium Premier New York Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At just 21.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to Millennium Premier New York Times Square is 0h 16m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Millennium Premier New York Times Square? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Millennium Premier New York Times Square from the New York city center? The center of Midtown, New York, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Millennium Premier New York Times Square. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Millennium Premier New York Times Square using any means of transportation. What is the Millennium Premier New York Times Square phone number? For questions about Millennium Premier New York Times Square and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 789 7670. Does Millennium Premier New York Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Millennium Premier New York Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Millennium Premier New York Times Square? Yes. You should consider staying at Millennium Premier New York Times Square if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Millennium Premier New York Times Square? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Millennium Premier New York Times Square. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Millennium Premier New York Times Square, New York? C$ 132 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Millennium Premier New York Times Square, with average deals around C$ 477 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Millennium Premier New York Times Square? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Millennium Premier New York Times Square for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Millennium Premier New York Times Square have a laundry service? Millennium Premier New York Times Square does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Millennium Premier New York Times Square from Rockefeller Center? Millennium Premier New York Times Square is a walkable distance (0.5 km) from Rockefeller Center, New York. Is Millennium Premier New York Times Square close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.3 km between Times Square and Millennium Premier New York Times Square. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Millennium Premier New York Times Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
