https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Miyako_Hotel_Los_Angeles.htm
Miyako Hotel Los Angeles, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Hotel 328 East 1st Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,309 reviews 8.7 C$ 229 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. It also has a gym, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. This stylish hotel offers valet parkin... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.9 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 19.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 213 617 2000 All policies Amenities at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Safety deposit box Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Alarm clock No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned CD player Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Miyako Hotel Los Angeles DoubleTree by Hilton Los Angeles Downtown 7.3 Good 120 South Los Angeles Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Little Tokyo / Arts District Los Angeles Metro Station. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals American Hotel 7.6 Good 303 South Hewitt, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Downtown Los Angeles, American Hotel Downtown Los Angeles is a short stroll to several local attractions, including Koyasan Buddhist Temple. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Omni Los Angeles Hotel California Plaza 8.5 Excellent 251 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Los Angeles. It also offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 339 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Biltmore Los Angeles 7.2 Good 506 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Millennium Biltmore Hotel Los Angeles allows for easy access to Los Angeles's best sightseeing areas. Some of the features on offer at this elegant 5-star hotel include an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Miyako Hotel Los Angeles 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,309 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.9Friends 8.5Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Miyako Hotel Los Angeles All photos (42) Bedroom (26) Gym (4) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Where is Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Most Popular Landmarks Little Tokyo0.1 km Los Angeles State Historic Park1.8 km Hollywood Boulevard10.3 km Hollywood Walk of Fame10.9 km Westfield Century City16.6 km L.A. Live2.4 km Getting Around Los Angeles Union0.8 km Los Angeles Tufesa1.0 km Los Angeles Maple Lot1.0 km Los Angeles Union Bus1.1 km Los Angeles Westin Bonaventure Hotel1.5 km Los Angeles Bus Terminal - 1716 E 7th St1.8 km FAQs when booking at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Is pricing at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? In Los Angeles, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 299. The expected nightly rate for Miyako Hotel Los Angeles is around C$ 257; a price that is 36% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Miyako Hotel Los Angeles to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Los Angeles. How close is Miyako Hotel Los Angeles to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Miyako Hotel Los Angeles is 19.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 15m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Miyako Hotel Los Angeles? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Miyako Hotel Los Angeles from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Arts District, Los Angeles, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Miyako Hotel Los Angeles. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hollywood Walk of Fame, which you can get to from Miyako Hotel Los Angeles using any means of transportation. What is the Miyako Hotel Los Angeles phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles please call +1 213 617 2000. Does Miyako Hotel Los Angeles have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Miyako Hotel Los Angeles has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Miyako Hotel Los Angeles. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 257 per night to stay at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 87 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles? Yes - Miyako Hotel Los Angeles does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Miyako Hotel Los Angeles have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Miyako Hotel Los Angeles. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Miyako Hotel Los Angeles from Walt Disney Concert Hall? Miyako Hotel Los Angeles is a walkable distance (1.1 km) from Walt Disney Concert Hall, Los Angeles. Is Miyako Hotel Los Angeles close to Dodger Stadium? The distance from Miyako Hotel Los Angeles to Dodger Stadium is 2.7 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Miyako Hotel Los Angeles Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
