https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Monsieur_Jean.htm
Monsieur Jean, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Monsieur Jean Monsieur Jean Hotel 2 Rue Pierre Olivier Chauveau, Québec City, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,147 reviews 9.2 C$ 270 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Monsieur Jean Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Monsieur Jean Only two minutes from La Maison Simons, Monsieur Jean is located in the heart of Quebec City. It is close to Price Building, eateries and shops. There are a range of facilities available to g... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 9.2 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 977 7777 All policies Amenities at Monsieur Jean Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Kettle Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails City view Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Streaming service Library Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Monsieur Jean Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Monsieur Jean Hotel Du Vieux Quebec 9.4 Excellent 1190 Rue Saint-jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hotel du Vieux Quebec allows for easy access to Quebec City's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge de la Paix 31, Rue Couillard , Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Auberge de la Paix Quebec City provides easy access to Quebec City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a BBQ/picnic area. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Manoir Victoria 8.5 Excellent 44 Cote du Palais, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hotel Manoir Victoria offers easy access to Quebec City's main tourist attractions. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Ursulines Of Quebec and Price Building. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Clarendon 8.8 Excellent 57 Rue Sainte-Anne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in the heart of the city, Hotel Clarendon offers easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also provides a ballroom, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Monsieur Jean 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.2 ExcellentBased on 1,147 verified guest reviews 9.3Couples 9.0Families 9.2Friends 9.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Monsieur Jean All photos (26) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (7) Other (4) Balcony (2) Where is Monsieur Jean Most Popular Landmarks Dufferin Terrace0.4 km Quartier Petit Champlain0.5 km Place Royale0.5 km Museum of Civilization0.5 km Plains of Abraham0.9 km Church of St. Roch1.1 km Getting Around Québec City Gare du Palais0.5 km Québec City St-Augustin0.7 km Québec City Charest Est & de la Couronne1.2 km Québec City Sainte Foy Train station1.3 km Québec City Musée national des Beaux-Arts1.9 km Québec City Camp Mercier46.9 km FAQs when booking at Monsieur Jean How close is Monsieur Jean to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? At just 13.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to Monsieur Jean is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Monsieur Jean? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Monsieur Jean where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Monsieur Jean considered pet-friendly? Monsieur Jean welcomes most household pets. How close is Monsieur Jean from the Québec City city center? Monsieur Jean is 0.3 km away from the center of Vieux Québec, Québec City. Consider visiting Quebec Aquarium Park, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Monsieur Jean by various forms of transportation. What is the Monsieur Jean phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 418 977 7777 to talk to a Monsieur Jean front desk representative. Does Monsieur Jean have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Monsieur Jean has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Monsieur Jean? Monsieur Jean has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Monsieur Jean, Québec City? Prices at Monsieur Jean will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 285, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 182. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Monsieur Jean have a laundry service? Monsieur Jean does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Monsieur Jean from Place Royale? Monsieur Jean is about 0.5 km from Place Royale, one of Québec City’s most popular landmarks. Is Monsieur Jean close to Dufferin Terrace? Dufferin Terrace is also a popular place to see in Québec City. It is 0.4 km from Monsieur Jean. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Monsieur Jean Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
