https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Monterey_Inn.htm
Monterey Inn Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Monterey Inn Hotel Monterey Inn Hotel Hotel 233 North Avalon Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States OkayBased on 18 reviews 4.2 C$ 120 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Monterey Inn Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Monterey Inn Hotel Monterey Inn is located in Los Angeles and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides a sun deck, a coffee bar and an express check-in and check-out feature. The hotel has a g... More Good to Know To Downtown 31.6 km Rating 4.2 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 23.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 835 8352 All policies Amenities at Monterey Inn Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe No smoking Continental breakfast Heating Iron and ironing board Free parking Street parking Hairdryer Fan Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Laundry facilities Garden Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Kitchen Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Activities Casino Horse riding Services Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Monterey Inn Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Monterey Inn Hotel Sea Rock Inn - Los Angeles 4.4 Okay 14032 South Vermont Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 14.9 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Rosecrans Los Angeles Metro Station, the hotel offers guests a convenient base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers an outdoor pool, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX 7.4 Good 5249 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 21.8 km from current hotel La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX provides luxury 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as a free shuttle service, ski passes and an outdoor pool. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport 7.4 Good 9901 South La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 21.8 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Los Angeles International Airport provides 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an executive floor, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Los Angeles Airport 7.9 Good 5400 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 21.8 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel has direct access to Los Angeles International Airport and features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an outdoor pool and a bowling alley. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Monterey Inn Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.2 MediocreBased on 18 verified guest reviews 6.1Couples 3.2Families 4.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Monterey Inn Hotel All photos (27) Bedroom (7) Other (4) Bathroom (2) Laundry facility (2) Where is Monterey Inn Hotel Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center27.2 km STAPLES Center30.1 km Venice Beach30.3 km L.A. Live30.3 km Little Tokyo30.9 km Los Angeles State Historic Park32.7 km Getting Around Los Angeles Harbor Freeway17.5 km Los Angeles Catalina Express Terminal2.9 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn21.8 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel22.7 km Los Angeles Huntington Park22.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)27.8 km FAQs when booking at Monterey Inn Hotel Is pricing at Monterey Inn Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? In Los Angeles, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 241. The expected nightly rate for Monterey Inn Hotel is around C$ 121; a price that is 63% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Monterey Inn Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Los Angeles. How close is Monterey Inn Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 23.2 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Monterey Inn Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Monterey Inn Hotel? Monterey Inn Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Monterey Inn Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. How close is Monterey Inn Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Monterey Inn Hotel is just 1.2 km away from the center of Wilmington, Los Angeles. From Monterey Inn Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Monterey Inn Hotel phone number? For questions about Monterey Inn Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 310 835 8352. Does Monterey Inn Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Monterey Inn Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Monterey Inn Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Monterey Inn Hotel, Los Angeles? Usually Monterey Inn Hotel room prices are around C$ 121/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 77/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Monterey Inn Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Monterey Inn Hotel, Los Angeles. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Monterey Inn Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
