https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Monumental_Movieland_Hotel.htm
Monumental Movieland Hotel, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Monumental Movieland Hotel Monumental Movieland Hotel Hotel 6233 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States OkayBased on 1,310 reviews 5.7 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Monumental Movieland Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Monumental Movieland Hotel Monumental Movieland Hotel is located in Orlando and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a safe, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. This 3-star hotel provides a vending machine, a desig... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.0 km Rating 5.7 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 15.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 351 3900 All policies Amenities at Monumental Movieland Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Game room Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Monumental Movieland Hotel Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 900 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 573 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Monumental Movieland Hotel Floridian Express International Drive 5.4 Okay 6323 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The Floridian Express International Drive is situated in International Drive, just 25 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Rosen Inn Closest to Universal 8.0 Excellent 6327 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in International Drive, Rosen Inn Closest to Universal offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is ideally located for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 89 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Orlando Resort & Suites Intl Drive 7.1 Good 6500 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Ramada Plaza Resort & Suites By Wyndham Orlando International Drive provides 3.5-star accommodation in Orlando. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Orlando Gateway Hotel 7.6 Good 7299 Universal Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in International Drive, and features a Jacuzzi, an outdoor heated pool and outdoor tennis courts. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,772 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Monumental Movieland Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.7 PassableBased on 1,315 verified guest reviews 5.6Couples 5.8Families 5.7Friends 5.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date K 3.7 Poor karen morse, Jul. 2019 there were cockroaches everywhere. the hallways, our table in the room, and all over the bathroom. their website is not updated at all. wet and wild is no longer there. its now a parking garage for a huge hotel. there is no free shuttle to the parks. gotta use lyft or uber. absolutely disgusting !!!! Demanding a full refund from this horrendous hotel. L 7.8 Good Louisa, Jun. 2017 The beds are hard and pillows give you a headache. Coffee in the room would have been an added bonus. Photos of Monumental Movieland Hotel All photos (27) Lobby (4) Bedroom (3) Gym (3) Pool (3) Where is Monumental Movieland Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Coco Key Water Resort1.0 km Universal's Islands of Adventure1.1 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter1.4 km Universal Orlando Resort1.9 km Tinker Field10.4 km Central Florida Fairgrounds10.4 km Getting Around Orlando I Drive Grand Resort & Suites0.7 km Orlando Universal Studio Orlando Resort0.8 km Orlando Baymont1.2 km Orlando Super Tours Terminal1.3 km Orlando McDonald's Parking1.4 km Orlando International Drive Orlando1.8 km FAQs when booking at Monumental Movieland Hotel Is pricing at Monumental Movieland Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Orlando? Hotels in Orlando that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 180/night, but on average, Monumental Movieland Hotel is available for 62% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Monumental Movieland Hotel for C$ 93/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Orlando. How close is Monumental Movieland Hotel to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? At 15.9 km away, Orlando Airport is the closest airport to Monumental Movieland Hotel. The average expected drive time from Monumental Movieland Hotel to Orlando Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Monumental Movieland Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Orlando, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Monumental Movieland Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Monumental Movieland Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Orlando. Is there a pool at Monumental Movieland Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Orlando often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Monumental Movieland Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Monumental Movieland Hotel from the Orlando city center? Monumental Movieland Hotel is 1.2 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Bob Carr Theater, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Monumental Movieland Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Monumental Movieland Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Monumental Movieland Hotel please call +1 407 351 3900. Does Monumental Movieland Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Monumental Movieland Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Monumental Movieland Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Monumental Movieland Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Monumental Movieland Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Monumental Movieland Hotel, Orlando? On average, guests have been paying C$ 93 per night to stay at Monumental Movieland Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 61 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Monumental Movieland Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Monumental Movieland Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Monumental Movieland Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Monumental Movieland Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Monumental Movieland Hotel from Universal Orlando Resort? Monumental Movieland Hotel is a good place to stay to see Universal Orlando Resort. It’s 1.9 km away. Is Monumental Movieland Hotel close to Universal's Islands of Adventure? Monumental Movieland Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Universal's Islands of Adventure, which is 1.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Monumental Movieland Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
