https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Moose_Hotel_and_Suites.htm
Moose Hotel and Suites, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Moose Hotel and Suites Moose Hotel and Suites Hotel 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,487 reviews 8.9 C$ 246 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Moose Hotel and Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Moose Hotel and Suites Moose Hotel and Suites provides a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banf... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 760 8570 All policies Amenities at Moose Hotel and Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Kid-friendly Family rooms Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Show more Activities Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Hiking Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Ski shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Moose Hotel and Suites Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 491 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Moose Hotel and Suites Banff Aspen Lodge 7.9 Good 401 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this luxury hotel is the perfect base for a peaceful stay. Popular amenities, such as a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, make for a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Ptarmigan Inn 8.0 Excellent 337 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Banff Ptarmigan Inn provides a comfortable setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Elk + Avenue Hotel 8.3 Excellent 333 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Elk + Avenue Hotel is a comfortable base when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals High Country Inn 8.6 Excellent 419 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, High Country Inn Banff is an easy drive from Canmore and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 101 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Moose Hotel and Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 1,487 verified guest reviews 8.9Couples 8.9Solo 8.8Families 9.0Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Moose Hotel and Suites All photos (60) Bedroom (10) Building (5) Living room (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Moose Hotel and Suites Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.8 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.1 km Sunshine Village15.2 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.4 km Upper Hot Springs3.3 km Mount Norquay5.1 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.2 km Banff Banff, Ab0.5 km Banff Mount Royal0.5 km Banff Luxton Museum South1.0 km Banff Ywca1.0 km Banff Banff Ave1.1 km FAQs when booking at Moose Hotel and Suites Is pricing at Moose Hotel and Suites comparable to 4 star hotels in Banff? Hotels in Banff that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 288/night, but on average, Moose Hotel and Suites is available for 7% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Moose Hotel and Suites for C$ 360/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Banff. Is Moose Hotel and Suites considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Moose Hotel and Suites. Is there a pool at Moose Hotel and Suites? Yes, Moose Hotel and Suites has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Moose Hotel and Suites phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 403 760 8570. Does Moose Hotel and Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Moose Hotel and Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Moose Hotel and Suites? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Moose Hotel and Suites. What is the check-out time at Moose Hotel and Suites? Moose Hotel and Suites check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Moose Hotel and Suites, Banff? Usually Moose Hotel and Suites room prices are around C$ 360/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 168/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Moose Hotel and Suites? Moose Hotel and Suites does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Moose Hotel and Suites have a laundry service? Moose Hotel and Suites does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Moose Hotel and Suites from Banff Park Museum? Moose Hotel and Suites is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from Banff Park Museum, Banff. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Moose Hotel and Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
