https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Motel_6_Las_Vegas_I_15.htm
Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Motel 5085 South Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 1,188 reviews 6.7 C$ 74 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Just a 10-minute drive from McCarran International Airport, Motel 6 Las Vegas - I-15 provides convenient and modern accommodation. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour r... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.5 km Rating 6.7 Nearest airport Las Vegas Henderson Sky Harbor Distance to airport 14.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 739 6747 All policies Amenities at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Heating Shower TV Free parking Adapted bath Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (snacks) Microwave Snack bar Walk-in shower Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Services Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center 8.9 Excellent 4920 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Luxor Las Vegas offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 1,188 verified guest reviews 6.7Families 6.6Couples 6.4Friends 6.9Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium All photos (29) Bedroom (9) Lobby (5) Outdoors view (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Most Popular Landmarks T-Mobile Arena0.6 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.1 km Crystals at City Center1.4 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.4 km Fountains of Bellagio1.8 km Sam's Town10.8 km Getting Around Las Vegas Excalibur0.6 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio1.0 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Greyhound North12.4 km Las Vegas Lds Temple16.9 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd17.6 km FAQs when booking at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Is pricing at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium comparable to 2 star hotels in Las Vegas? Hotels in Las Vegas that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 161/night, but on average, Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium is available for 46% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium for C$ 116/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Las Vegas. How close is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 3.1 km drive between Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium and Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 02m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium? Yes, Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium from the Las Vegas city center? The center of The Strip, Las Vegas, is just 1.9 km away from the front doors of Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Discovery Children's Museum, which you can get to from Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium using any means of transportation. What is the Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 739 6747 to talk to a Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium front desk representative. Does Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium, Las Vegas? C$ 32 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium, with average deals around C$ 116 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium. How far is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium from Fountains of Bellagio? Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 1.8 km away. Is Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.4 km from Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv – I-15 Stadium Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
