https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Moxy_NYC_Downtown.htm
Moxy Nyc Downtown, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Moxy Nyc Downtown Moxy Nyc Downtown Hotel 26 Ann Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 632 reviews 8.4 C$ 248 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Moxy Nyc Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Moxy Nyc Downtown Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It is close to New York City Hall, shops and nightlife options. There are a var... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.4 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 257 8886 All policies Amenities at Moxy Nyc Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Walk-in shower 24hr front desk Night club Private parking Show more Activities Basketball court Game room Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Bowling Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Moxy Nyc Downtown Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Moxy Nyc Downtown Residence Inn by Marriott New York Downtown Manhattan/World Trade Center Area 8.6 Excellent 170 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Wall Street and New York Stock Exchange. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel New York Wall Street 6.6 Good 52 William Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It is steps from Wall Street, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport-Financial District 8.0 Excellent 320 Pearl Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It has a fitness centre, as well as a rooftop terrace, meeting rooms and valet parking. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals World Center Hotel 8.3 Excellent 144 Washington Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally located, World Center Hotel allows for easy access to New York City's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It is located a brief walk from Wall Street, New York Stock Exchange and the World Trade Center Site. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Moxy Nyc Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 632 verified guest reviews 8.5Families 8.5Couples 8.1Friends 8.1Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Moxy Nyc Downtown All photos (55) Bedroom (16) Restaurant (6) Other (6) Room amenity (5) Where is Moxy Nyc Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Wall Street0.5 km One World Trade Center0.5 km Battery Park1.1 km Citi Field14.6 km Yankee Stadium14.9 km Webster Hall2.8 km Getting Around New York Lower Manhattan0.3 km New York 28th & Madison0.3 km New York Wall Street0.5 km New York Broadway & Reade St0.5 km New York Greenwich St & Battery Place0.8 km New York 47 Chrystie St1.2 km FAQs when booking at Moxy Nyc Downtown Is pricing at Moxy Nyc Downtown comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Nightly rates at Moxy Nyc Downtown will generally be 36% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in New York. When staying at Moxy Nyc Downtown, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 400/night, which is considered to be a good deal in New York for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Moxy Nyc Downtown to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 20.8 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Moxy Nyc Downtown. The average expected drive time from Moxy Nyc Downtown to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Moxy Nyc Downtown? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Moxy Nyc Downtown where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Moxy Nyc Downtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. How close is Moxy Nyc Downtown from the New York city center? Moxy Nyc Downtown is 0.5 km away from the center of Financial District, New York. Consider visiting Rockefeller Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Moxy Nyc Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Moxy Nyc Downtown phone number? For questions about Moxy Nyc Downtown and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 257 8886. Does Moxy Nyc Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Moxy Nyc Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Moxy Nyc Downtown? Moxy Nyc Downtown does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Moxy Nyc Downtown? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Moxy Nyc Downtown. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Moxy Nyc Downtown, New York? Prices at Moxy Nyc Downtown will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 400, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 197. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Moxy Nyc Downtown? Yes - Moxy Nyc Downtown does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Moxy Nyc Downtown have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Moxy Nyc Downtown. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Moxy Nyc Downtown from Union Square? Moxy Nyc Downtown is a good place to stay to see Union Square. It’s 3.2 km away. Is Moxy Nyc Downtown close to Wall Street? The distance from Moxy Nyc Downtown to Wall Street is 0.5 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Moxy Nyc Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
