https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Moxy_NYC_Chelsea.htm
Moxy NYC Chelsea, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Moxy NYC Chelsea Moxy NYC Chelsea Hotel 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 3,731 reviews 8.4 C$ 286 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Moxy NYC Chelsea Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Moxy NYC Chelsea This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas.... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 514 6699 All policies Amenities at Moxy NYC Chelsea Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Private parking Show more Activities Aerobics Fitness centre Services Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Moxy NYC Chelsea Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Moxy NYC Chelsea Cambria Hotel New York - Chelsea 8.1 Excellent 123 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Madison Square Park, Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden. It provides city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton New York City - Chelsea 7.3 Good 128 West 29th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Madison Square Garden, Madison Square Park and Empire State Building. It is surrounded by a variety of dining options and is within a 10-minute walk of Pennsylvania Station. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Pennsylvania Station, Kimpton Hotel Eventi is an ideal base while visiting New York City. It is located a short stroll from Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building and Madison Square Park. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals The Paul Hotel Nyc-Chelsea Ascend Hotel Collection 6.7 Good 32 West 29th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, The Paul Hotel NYC-Chelsea an Ascend Hotel Collection Member provides guests with a convenient base while in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Moxy NYC Chelsea 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 3,731 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.5Solo 8.3Couples 8.3Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Moxy NYC Chelsea All photos (57) Restaurant (12) Lounge (12) Bedroom (9) Building (5) Where is Moxy NYC Chelsea Most Popular Landmarks Empire State Building0.5 km Madison Square Garden0.5 km Flatiron Building0.6 km Bryant Park1.0 km Gramercy Park1.1 km Grand Central Terminal1.3 km Getting Around New York 7th Ave Corner of W 30th St0.3 km New York NY-7th St.0.3 km New York Madison Ave btwn E. 26th and 27th St0.5 km New York Penn Station0.5 km New York 368 Park Ave S0.6 km New York 201 West 37th St0.7 km FAQs when booking at Moxy NYC Chelsea Is pricing at Moxy NYC Chelsea comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? There is a 27% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in New York and the average nightly rate at Moxy NYC Chelsea. The rate at Moxy NYC Chelsea is just C$ 456/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in New York. How close is Moxy NYC Chelsea to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.4 km drive between Moxy NYC Chelsea and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Moxy NYC Chelsea? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Moxy NYC Chelsea where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Moxy NYC Chelsea considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Moxy NYC Chelsea. How close is Moxy NYC Chelsea from the New York city center? Moxy NYC Chelsea is just 0.6 km away from the center of Flatiron District, New York. From Moxy NYC Chelsea you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the Moxy NYC Chelsea phone number? For questions about Moxy NYC Chelsea and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 514 6699. Does Moxy NYC Chelsea have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Moxy NYC Chelsea has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Moxy NYC Chelsea? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Moxy NYC Chelsea. What is the check-out time at Moxy NYC Chelsea? The standard check-out time at Moxy NYC Chelsea is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Moxy NYC Chelsea, New York? A good deal at Moxy NYC Chelsea right now is between C$ 223 and C$ 456 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Moxy NYC Chelsea? Yes - Moxy NYC Chelsea does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Moxy NYC Chelsea have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Moxy NYC Chelsea, New York. How far is Moxy NYC Chelsea from Rockefeller Center? Moxy NYC Chelsea is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 1.7 km away. Is Moxy NYC Chelsea close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Moxy NYC Chelsea is just 1.5 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Moxy NYC Chelsea Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
