https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Mr_C_Beverly_Hills.htm
Mr C Beverly Hills, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Mr C Beverly Hills Mr C Beverly Hills Hotel 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 268 reviews 7.4 C$ 435 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mr C Beverly Hills Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Mr C Beverly Hills Featuring a popular location, Mr C Beverly Hills has views of Beverly Hills and Los Angeles, and is conveniently close to a variety of dining options. This elegant hotel is situated in Westside. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.7 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 12.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 277 2800 All policies Amenities at Mr C Beverly Hills Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers Snack bar Alarm clock Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Swimming pool toys Breakfast in the room Telephone Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Golf Darts Fitness centre Pool table Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mr C Beverly Hills Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,561 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals The London West Hollywood At Beverly Hills 8.9 Excellent 1020 North San Vicente Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at The London West Hollywood at Beverly Hills in West Hollywood (Norma Triangle), you'll be steps from Sunset Strip and 12 minutes by foot from Melrose Avenue. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in West Hollywood? This hotel has facilities measuring 4000 square feet (372 square meters), including conference space. C$ 653 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 370 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Mr C Beverly Hills Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills 2151 Avenue Of The Stars, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an infinity pool, InterContinental Los Angeles Century City at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides elegant accommodation. It features rooms that open onto a private terrace with views of the city. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills 8.9 Excellent 300 South Doheny Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers 5-star accommodation and views of the garden. C$ 946 Avg. per night View Deals The Orlando Hotel 8384 West 3Rd Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within easy reach of the Los Angeles County Museum Of Art / LACMA and Universal Studios Hollywood. There is also a gym with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 364 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mr C Beverly Hills 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 268 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 7.4Solo 6.6Families 7.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Mr C Beverly Hills All photos (60) Bedroom (16) Living room (8) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Mr C Beverly Hills Most Popular Landmarks Venice Beach10.4 km Santa Monica State Beach10.7 km California Science Center11.3 km STAPLES Center12.3 km L.A. Live12.4 km Echo Park12.9 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd11.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)11.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California11.6 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel12.1 km Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station12.4 km FAQs when booking at Mr C Beverly Hills Is pricing at Mr C Beverly Hills comparable to 5 star hotels in Los Angeles? Hotels in Los Angeles that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 805/night, but on average, Mr C Beverly Hills is available for 54% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Mr C Beverly Hills for C$ 497/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Los Angeles. How close is Mr C Beverly Hills to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 12.7 km between Mr C Beverly Hills and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 09m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Mr C Beverly Hills? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 28/day and parking it at Mr C Beverly Hills where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Mr C Beverly Hills considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Mr C Beverly Hills during their stay. Is there a pool at Mr C Beverly Hills? Yes, Mr C Beverly Hills has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mr C Beverly Hills from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Pico-Robertson, Los Angeles, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of Mr C Beverly Hills. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Mr C Beverly Hills using any means of transportation. What is the Mr C Beverly Hills phone number? The best way to contact Mr C Beverly Hills is by calling +1 310 277 2800. Does Mr C Beverly Hills have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mr C Beverly Hills has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mr C Beverly Hills? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Mr C Beverly Hills. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Mr C Beverly Hills? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Mr C Beverly Hills. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Mr C Beverly Hills, Los Angeles? C$ 108 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Mr C Beverly Hills, with average deals around C$ 497 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Mr C Beverly Hills? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Mr C Beverly Hills, Los Angeles. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Mr C Beverly Hills have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Mr C Beverly Hills. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Mr C Beverly Hills from Los Angeles County Museum of Art? The popular Los Angeles County Museum of Art is just over 3.8 km from Mr C Beverly Hills. Is Mr C Beverly Hills close to Petersen Automotive Museum? 3.6 km - making Petersen Automotive Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Mr C Beverly Hills. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Mr C Beverly Hills Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
