https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Movenpick_Hotel_Jumeirah_Beach.htm
Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Hotel Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 2,930 reviews 7.9 C$ 279 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Located in Dubai Marina, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Trident Grand Residence and The Walk. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a rooftop terrace. This contemp... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.0 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 29.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4449 8888 All policies Amenities at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Golf Scuba diving Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Pool table Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 372 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Hilton Dubai The Walk 8.1 Excellent The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence PO Box 2431, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Hilton Dubai The Walk offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a private beach, and is moments from The Walk. It provides a gym, as well as a kids club, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting an exclusive beach for guests to enjoy, the hotel is situated in Dubai and provides views of The Walk and Dubai Marina. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 372 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach 9.0 Excellent Jumeirah Beach - Dubai Marina, PO Box 473828, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Providing a sauna, an infinity pool and free Wi-Fi, Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is situated in Dubai Marina and is a short stroll from Al Sahab Tower 2. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features modern 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals City Premiere Marina Hotel Apartments 8.3 Excellent Marina Waterfront, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Dubai Marina, this hotel is a 10-minute walk to MarinaScape. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 247 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 2,930 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 8.0Friends 8.0Solo 7.8Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Sep. 2019 it was an amazing stay we enjoyed so much A 8.4 Great Anonymous, Mar. 2019 Service really good. Room attendants were excellent and tried to help with whatever we needed. Rooms were a little small on Dubai standards but ok. We were not informed of food and drink package available in The Talk restaurant, however found this after a few days. A 9.3 Excellent AbdulAziz, Aug. 2017 it was great overall. except the room is not that much isolated. you can hear your sounds from your besides rooms. K 9.7 Excellent khaled, Apr. 2017 the location was great next to cinema, restaurants and the beach . the check inn was too slow it took us half an hours to get our rooms . Photos of Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach All photos (59) Other (16) Bedroom (11) Restaurant (9) Bathroom (3) Where is Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse18.9 km The Dubai Fountain19.0 km Burj Khalifa19.0 km Dubai Mall19.4 km Emirates Towers21.2 km Al Karama25.3 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station0.7 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station23.9 km Dubai Np25.1 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus27.8 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach50.0 km FAQs when booking at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach How close is Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach is 29.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 23m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach? Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 62/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. Is there a pool at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach from the Dubai city center? Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach is just 0.2 km away from the center of Dubai Marina, Dubai. From Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Gold Souq. What is the Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach phone number? The best way to contact Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach is by calling +971 4449 8888. Does Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach. What is the check-out time at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach? Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 348 per night to stay at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 31 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach? Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach have a laundry service? Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
