https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Movenpick_Hotel_Apartments_Al_Mamzar_Dubai.htm
Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Aparthotel Corner Cairo Road And 46th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,375 reviews 7.8 C$ 114 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Movenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There are a variety of facilities... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.1 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:30 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4607 2777 All policies Amenities at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Semi-detached Shampoo Shared bathroom Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Washing machine Show more Activities Cycling Cooking classes Fitness centre Bowling Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Al Manar Hotel Apartments 6.0 Good The Corner 24th And 9th Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, as well as free Wi-Fi, Al Manar Hotel Apartments is a comfortable place to stay in Dubai. The various facilities this modern property offers include an outdoor pool, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Dubai - Deira 7.7 Good Salahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Crowne Plaza Dubai Deira provides luxury accommodation in Dubai and is within a 20-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,373 verified guest reviews 8.0Friends 7.9Solo 7.4Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 7.9 Good Ali, Dec. 2018 good but rooms are not very clean. Z 6.8 Okay zas, Jan. 2018 Nice helpful staff but room cleanliness is not good at all. bed sheets were dirty, they didn't put all towels in bathroom. A 7.0 Good Anonymous, Jan. 2017 Comfortable bed and good staff. If you have a car, location OK. Train station is far. Rooms big, but windows are small, so very dark in the room. Photos of Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Other (11) Kitchen (4) Pool (4) Where is Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Emirates Towers10.8 km Dubai Mall12.8 km The Dubai Fountain13.1 km Burj Khalifa13.1 km Meydan Racecourse15.4 km Ibn Battuta Mall36.0 km Getting Around Dubai Jumeirah Beach18.0 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station31.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus5.0 km Dubai Np7.1 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station8.6 km FAQs when booking at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Is pricing at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai is 77% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai is typically C$ 150, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai is 4.3 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai? Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai? Yes, Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai from the Dubai city center? Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai is 2.3 km away from the center of Al Qusais, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai by various forms of transportation. What is the Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai phone number? You can reach the front desk of Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai at +971 4607 2777. Does Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai? Yes. You should consider staying at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai? Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai check-out time is 12:30 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai, Dubai? Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 150/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 35/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai? Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai does have a restaurant. Does Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Mövenpick Hotel Apartments Al Mamzar Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
