https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Nappark_Hostel_Khao_San.htm
Nappark Hostel @Khao San, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Nappark Hostel @Khao San Nappark Hostel @Khao San Hostel 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 361 reviews 8.5 C$ 12 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Nappark Hostel @Khao San Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Nappark Hostel @Khao San Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. The host... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.8 km Rating 8.5 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 282 2324 All policies Amenities at Nappark Hostel @Khao San Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Computer use available Reading light Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Adults only Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Shampoo Free toiletries Shared bathroom Garden view Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Privacy curtain Private bathroom Walk-in shower Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Washing machine Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Cooking classes Streaming service Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Nappark Hostel @Khao San Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Nappark Hostel @Khao San Khaosan Green House Hotel 84 Thanon Rambuttri Talad Yod, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, Khaosan Green House Hotel allows for easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai 9.7 Excellent 42 Rambuttri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai provides easy access to Bangkok's main retail areas and tourist attractions. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features stylish 3-star rooms and a bar. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Rambuttri Village Inn & Plaza 7.6 Good 95 Soi Ram Buttri, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Rambuttri Village Inn offers easy access to Bangkok's main retail and sightseeing areas. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.8 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Nasa Vegas Hotel 7.9 Good 44 Ramkhamhaeng Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 7.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated a short stroll from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Nasa Vegas Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when in Bangkok. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Nappark Hostel @Khao San 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 361 verified guest reviews 8.9Couples 8.5Solo 8.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Nappark Hostel @Khao San All photos (25) Other (11) Bedroom (3) Patio (3) Outdoors view (2) Where is Nappark Hostel @Khao San Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San0.2 km Grand Palace1.4 km Gateway Ekamai Mall10.6 km Rajamangala Stadium13.5 km MBK Center3.9 km Siam Square4.3 km Getting Around Bangkok Thai Sriram - Bangkok0.1 km Bangkok Giant Ibis - Bangkok0.2 km Bangkok Tara Tour and Travel - Bangkok0.3 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Khao San0.4 km Bangkok Prachathipatai Road0.7 km Bangkok Any Hotel0.8 km FAQs when booking at Nappark Hostel @Khao San How close is Nappark Hostel @Khao San to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Nappark Hostel @Khao San is 20.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Nappark Hostel @Khao San? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Nappark Hostel @Khao San guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. How close is Nappark Hostel @Khao San from the Bangkok city center? Nappark Hostel @Khao San is just 0.2 km away from the center of Khaosan, Bangkok. From Nappark Hostel @Khao San you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Nappark Hostel @Khao San phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +66 2 282 2324 to talk to a Nappark Hostel @Khao San front desk representative. Does Nappark Hostel @Khao San have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Nappark Hostel @Khao San has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Nappark Hostel @Khao San? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Nappark Hostel @Khao San, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Nappark Hostel @Khao San, Bangkok? C$ 11 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Nappark Hostel @Khao San, with average deals around C$ 12 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Nappark Hostel @Khao San have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Nappark Hostel @Khao San that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Nappark Hostel @Khao San Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
