https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Nasa_Vegas_Hotel.htm
Nasa Vegas Hotel, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Nasa Vegas Hotel Nasa Vegas Hotel Hotel 44 Ramkhamhaeng Road, Bangkok, Thailand GoodBased on 1,012 reviews 7.9 C$ 23 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Nasa Vegas Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Nasa Vegas Hotel Situated a short stroll from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Nasa Vegas Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when in Bangkok. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 17.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 719 9888 All policies Amenities at Nasa Vegas Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Electric kettle Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shower Accessible by elevator Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Trash cans TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Nasa Vegas Hotel Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Nasa Vegas Hotel Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Metropole Bangkok is an ideal base when in Bangkok. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Hana Residence Thong Lor 7.7 Good 66 Soi Thonglor 23, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel This pet-friendly property is located in Bangkok and offers free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor 8.3 Excellent 22 Soi Phrom Phak, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor is located in Bangkok and features miniature golf. It also has an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Somerset Ekamai Bangkok 8.6 Excellent Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel The property is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby attractions, such as the Bangkok Planetarium. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a kids club and a swimming pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Nasa Vegas Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,012 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.7Couples 8.0Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date J 4.2 Mediocre Janet, Oct. 2019 don't come unless u. wan to sleep with bugs C 9.1 Excellent Cahal , Feb. 2017 hotel was fine for what we required, is an old hotel but was very good, breakfast was provided so set is up for the day, 5 minute walk to station M 7.3 Good MattMaM, Dec. 2016 Easy access to aiport . Breakfast mainly generic asian food. Shower a bit awkward (hand held) Tv didnt work. Goof for the price. 2 train stops to Asoke BTS ~ takes 20 mins D 5.0 Passable Darren, Dec. 2016 Even though my room was upgraded it was still well below expectation. Only stayed here overnight because of the convenience of catching the train to the airport the next morning. In fact the train to the airport ran straight past my window even though I was on the 7th floor. The room decor was dark and outdated and beyond the need of a good clean. Once in the room I found dirty towels still in the bath and an opened bottle of drinking water. The two bottles of water that you would normally expect to be complimentary were in fact 0.25 BHT each. M 10.0 Excellent MD. Motlabur Rahman, Nov. 2016 thanks for the booking this hotel, I will fell so happy in staying this hotel , it's a grate place for easily movement at any where at move to bangkok, it's hospitality is very excrlant for my ends and next time when i visit to Bangkok I will agin stay this hotel as booking from your ends. Thanks for the quaparation. Photos of Nasa Vegas Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (31) Bathroom (5) Other (5) Building (4) Where is Nasa Vegas Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San11.5 km Grand Palace12.0 km Rajamangala Stadium2.6 km Gateway Ekamai Mall3.2 km Terminal 214.5 km Pratunam6.8 km Getting Around Bangkok Sukhumvit 710.2 km Bangkok Khlong Tan1.3 km Bangkok Villa Cafe 11.7 km Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop10.0 km Bangkok Wat Saket 110.1 km Bangkok Tri Petch10.3 km FAQs when booking at Nasa Vegas Hotel Is pricing at Nasa Vegas Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Nasa Vegas Hotel is 82% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Nasa Vegas Hotel is typically C$ 24, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Nasa Vegas Hotel to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 19 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Nasa Vegas Hotel. The average expected drive time from Nasa Vegas Hotel to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Nasa Vegas Hotel? Nasa Vegas Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Nasa Vegas Hotel from the Bangkok city center? Nasa Vegas Hotel is just 2.2 km away from the center of Watthana, Bangkok. From Nasa Vegas Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Victory Monument. What is the Nasa Vegas Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 719 9888. Does Nasa Vegas Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Nasa Vegas Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Nasa Vegas Hotel? Nasa Vegas Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Nasa Vegas Hotel, Bangkok? Prices at Nasa Vegas Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 24, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 18. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Nasa Vegas Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Nasa Vegas Hotel, Bangkok. Does Nasa Vegas Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Nasa Vegas Hotel. How far is Nasa Vegas Hotel from Rajamangala Stadium? You can walk to Rajamangala Stadium while staying at Nasa Vegas Hotel - you’ll be about 2.6 km away. Is Nasa Vegas Hotel close to Rajamangala National Stadium? Nasa Vegas Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Rajamangala National Stadium, which is 2.6 km away. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Nasa Vegas Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
