https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/New_Kukje_Hotel.htm
New Kukje Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 New Kukje Hotel New Kukje Hotel Hotel 12, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 571 reviews 8.6 C$ 71 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for New Kukje Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About New Kukje Hotel New Kukje Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet. There are a variety of amenities avail... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2732 1262 All policies Amenities at New Kukje Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to New Kukje Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to New Kukje Hotel New Seoul Hotel 8.0 Excellent 16, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel New Seoul Hotel provides modern 3-star accommodation in Seoul. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2). C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Koreana Hotel 8.4 Excellent 135, Sejong-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Koreana Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Guests also have exclusive access to the HN Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Lotte Hotel Seoul 8.8 Excellent 30, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Lotte Hotel Seoul is situated in Seoul and features complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sulwhasoo Spa and Fitness Center. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for New Kukje Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 565 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 8.4Couples 8.4Families 8.8Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of New Kukje Hotel All photos (41) Bedroom (17) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Room amenity (3) Where is New Kukje Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.1 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium10.2 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool14.1 km Dongdaemun Market2.7 km Dongdaemun Gate2.8 km Yeouido Park6.7 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.7 km Seoul Sangbong10.0 km Seoul Yongsan4.4 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.4 km FAQs when booking at New Kukje Hotel Is pricing at New Kukje Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? The average rate for a night at New Kukje Hotel is 52% less than the Seoul average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at New Kukje Hotel is typically C$ 92, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Seoul. How close is New Kukje Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 15.6 km between New Kukje Hotel and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to New Kukje Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is New Kukje Hotel from the Seoul city center? The center of Sogong-dong, Seoul, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of New Kukje Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from New Kukje Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the New Kukje Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at New Kukje Hotel please call +82 (0) 2732 1262. Does New Kukje Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, New Kukje Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at New Kukje Hotel? New Kukje Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at New Kukje Hotel, Seoul? A good deal at New Kukje Hotel right now is between C$ 52 and C$ 92 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at New Kukje Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at New Kukje Hotel, Seoul. Does New Kukje Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at New Kukje Hotel. How far is New Kukje Hotel from Dongdaemun Gate? The popular Dongdaemun Gate is just over 2.8 km from New Kukje Hotel. Is New Kukje Hotel close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 0.9 km between Gwanghwamun and New Kukje Hotel. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 New Kukje Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
