https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/New_Seoul_Hotel.htm
New Seoul Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,714 New Seoul Hotel New Seoul Hotel Hotel 16, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 574 reviews 8.0 C$ 54 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for New Seoul Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About New Seoul Hotel New Seoul Hotel provides modern 3-star accommodation in Seoul. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2). There are a var... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 8.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2735 8800 All policies Amenities at New Seoul Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to New Seoul Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 751 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to New Seoul Hotel New Kukje Hotel 8.6 Excellent 12, Sejong-Daero 22-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel New Kukje Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Koreana Hotel 8.4 Excellent 135, Sejong-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Koreana Hotel is located in Seoul and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Guests also have exclusive access to the HN Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Lotte Hotel Seoul 8.8 Excellent 30, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Lotte Hotel Seoul is situated in Seoul and features complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sulwhasoo Spa and Fitness Center. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals K-Guesthouse Insadong 2 15, Jong-ro 8-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This guest house is located in Central Seoul, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Cheonggyecheon and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.1 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for New Seoul Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 574 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 7.7Couples 8.3Friends 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of New Seoul Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (38) Building (4) Living room (4) Lobby (4) Where is New Seoul Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.1 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium10.1 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool14.1 km Dongdaemun Market2.7 km Dongdaemun Gate2.8 km Yeouido Park6.7 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.7 km Seoul Sangbong10.0 km Seoul Yongsan4.4 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.4 km FAQs when booking at New Seoul Hotel How close is New Seoul Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? There are 15.6 km between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and New Seoul Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 12m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to New Seoul Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is New Seoul Hotel from the Seoul city center? New Seoul Hotel is 0.4 km away from the center of Sogong-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from New Seoul Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the New Seoul Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 2735 8800 to talk to a New Seoul Hotel front desk representative. Does New Seoul Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, New Seoul Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at New Seoul Hotel? New Seoul Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at New Seoul Hotel, Seoul? On average, guests have been paying C$ 80 per night to stay at New Seoul Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 46 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at New Seoul Hotel? There is a restaurant located in New Seoul Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does New Seoul Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at New Seoul Hotel. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is New Seoul Hotel from Dongdaemun Gate? The popular Dongdaemun Gate is just over 2.8 km from New Seoul Hotel. Is New Seoul Hotel close to Gwanghwamun? 0.9 km - making Gwanghwamun a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from New Seoul Hotel. Home South Korea Hotels 33,576 Seoul Hotels 4,714 New Seoul Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
