https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Newbury_Guest_House.htm
Newbury Guest House, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Newbury Guest House Newbury Guest House Hotel 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 407 reviews 8.9 C$ 246 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Newbury Guest House Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Newbury Guest House Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. There are a variety of amenities available to those staying at G... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 670 6000 All policies Amenities at Newbury Guest House Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available DVD player Private parking Show more Activities Library Books, DVDs, music for children Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Newbury Guest House Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Newbury Guest House The Lenox 9.1 Excellent 61 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is located minutes from the Boston Public Library in Boston. Only a short walk from Hynes Convention Center, it offers trendy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a refrigerator and an iPod docking station. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Boston Copley Square 8.3 Excellent 88 Exeter Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Commanding views of Back Bay, Courtyard Boston Copley Square is near Boston's well-known attractions. The various amenities this charming hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, a beauty centre and valet parking. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Boston Back Bay 8.0 Excellent 40 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, Hilton Boston Back Bay offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Newbury Street. It also features a rooftop terrace, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Boston Hotel 8.0 Excellent 39 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station, Sheraton Boston Hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Boston. Guests also have exclusive access to the Green Tangerine Spa & Salon and Sheraton Fitness. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Seaport Boston Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Newbury Guest House 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 407 verified guest reviews 8.9Solo 9.1Friends 8.9Couples 8.9Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Newbury Guest House All photos (39) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (6) Outdoors view (5) Living room (4) Where is Newbury Guest House Most Popular Landmarks Prudential Center0.3 km Copley Place0.4 km Fenway Park1.2 km Museum of Fine Arts1.4 km Boston Common1.6 km TD Garden2.6 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street0.4 km Boston Back Bay0.7 km Boston Park Plaza1.3 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.7 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.8 km Boston State House1.9 km FAQs when booking at Newbury Guest House Is pricing at Newbury Guest House comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? The average rate for a night at Newbury Guest House is 40% less than the Boston average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Newbury Guest House is typically C$ 255, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Boston. How close is Newbury Guest House to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 6.4 km drive between Newbury Guest House and Boston Logan Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 04m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Newbury Guest House? For the most freedom while visiting Boston, consider renting a car for about C$ 60/day and parking it at Newbury Guest House where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Newbury Guest House guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Boston. How close is Newbury Guest House from the Boston city center? Newbury Guest House is just 0.3 km away from the center of Back Bay, Boston. From Newbury Guest House you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the Newbury Guest House phone number? For questions about Newbury Guest House and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 670 6000. Does Newbury Guest House have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Newbury Guest House has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Newbury Guest House? Newbury Guest House has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Newbury Guest House, Boston? Newbury Guest House room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 255/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 190/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Newbury Guest House? Yes - Newbury Guest House does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. How far is Newbury Guest House from Museum of Science? You can walk to Museum of Science while staying at Newbury Guest House - you’ll be about 2.3 km away. Is Newbury Guest House close to New England Aquarium? If you want to see New England Aquarium while visiting Boston, Newbury Guest House is just 3 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Newbury Guest House Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
