https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/NH_Collection_Barcelona_Podium.htm
NH Collection Barcelona Pódium, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 NH Collection Barcelona Pódium NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Hotel Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 2,751 reviews 8.6 C$ 131 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About NH Collection Barcelona Pódium NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 13.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 932 650 202 All policies Amenities at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Solarium Balcony Bathtub Bidet Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Beauty salon Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Hotel Rec Barcelona - Adults Only 8.9 Excellent Carrer del Rec Comtal, 19, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Barcelona. It also offers a sun deck, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Aparthotel Allada 3 7.8 Good Allada Vermell 6-8, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Aparthotel Allada 3 offers easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Acta Atrium Palace 8.2 Excellent Gran Via Corts Catalanes 656, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also features a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Indigo Barcelona - Plaza Catalunya 8.0 Excellent Gran Via de Las Corts Catalanes, 629, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Abba Rambla Hotel 8.3 Excellent C/ Rambla Del Raval, 4c, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Centrally located, Abba Rambla Hotel allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, bicycle rental and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 2,751 verified guest reviews 8.6Families 8.7Couples 8.6Friends 8.4Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of NH Collection Barcelona Pódium All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (10) Conference room (6) Other (6) Where is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Most Popular Landmarks Cathedral of Barcelona0.8 km La Rambla1.1 km Passeig de Gracia1.2 km Sagrada Familia1.4 km Palau Guell1.4 km L’Aquàrium1.7 km Getting Around Barcelona Arc de Triomf0.2 km Barcelona Llúria - Urquinaona0.4 km Barcelona Rda. de St. Pere0.4 km Barcelona Estació del Nord0.5 km Barcelona Girona0.7 km Barcelona Gran Via (Marina)0.8 km FAQs when booking at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Is pricing at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium comparable to 4 star hotels in Barcelona? Nightly rates at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium will generally be 22% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Barcelona. When staying at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 180/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Barcelona for a 4-stars hotel. How close is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? With a distance of 13.1 km between NH Collection Barcelona Pódium and the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 10m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to NH Collection Barcelona Pódium? Getting from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to NH Collection Barcelona Pódium can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 15/day in Barcelona. Luckily, NH Collection Barcelona Pódium has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium. Is there a pool at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. NH Collection Barcelona Pódium has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium from the Barcelona city center? NH Collection Barcelona Pódium is just 0.7 km away from the center of Fort Pienc, Barcelona. From NH Collection Barcelona Pódium you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the NH Collection Barcelona Pódium phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 932 650 202. Does NH Collection Barcelona Pódium have Wi-Fi available? Yes, NH Collection Barcelona Pódium has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium? Yes. You should consider staying at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium, Barcelona? Usually NH Collection Barcelona Pódium room prices are around C$ 180/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 104/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at NH Collection Barcelona Pódium, Barcelona. A bar is also available on-site. Does NH Collection Barcelona Pódium have a laundry service? NH Collection Barcelona Pódium does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium from Placa d'Espanya? The popular Placa d'Espanya is just over 3 km from NH Collection Barcelona Pódium. Is NH Collection Barcelona Pódium close to Passeig de Gracia? If you want to see Passeig de Gracia while visiting Barcelona, NH Collection Barcelona Pódium is just 1.2 km away. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 NH Collection Barcelona Pódium Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
