https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Nine_Hours_Shinjuku_North.htm
Nine Hours Shinjuku-North, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Capsule hotel 1-4-15 Hyakunincho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 12 reviews 9.0 C$ 58 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Situated in Central Tokyo, Nine Hours Shinjuku-North provides 1-star accommodation and a 24-hour reception, a lift and free Wi-Fi. The hotel is also ideally located minutes on foot from Shin-Okubo Rai... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.5 km Rating 9.0 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 917 337 All policies Amenities at Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Services Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Premier Hotel Cabin Shinjuku 7.8 Good 2-40-3 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Shinjuku Train Station, Premier Hotel-Cabin-Shinjuku offers guests an ideal base when visiting Tokyo. It is close to Kabukicho, eateries and shops. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower 7.7 Good 1-20-2 Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel APA Hotel Shinjuku-Kabukicho Tower is located in Central Tokyo, a five-minute walk to Kabukicho. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Shinjuku Train Station. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Shinjuku Granbell Hotel 7.9 Good 2-14-5 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Set in Central Tokyo, this trendy hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Kabukicho. It also boasts views of Tokyo and provides a garden and a rooftop terrace as extra highlights. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Sotetsu Fresa Inn Higashi Shinjuku 8.2 Excellent 7-27-9 Shinjuku Shinjuku-KU, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Central Tokyo, and offers massage services, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Nine Hours Shinjuku-North 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 12 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 10.0Solo Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date 조 9.2 Excellent 조장원, Jul. 2018 Location is not bad, kind and clean hotel. S 9.2 Excellent SH Lee, Jun. 2018 The place is nice Staffs are helpful The amenities and facilities are well, considering it is just a capsule hotel. Photos of Nine Hours Shinjuku-North All photos (6) Other (4) Building (1) Front desk (1) Where is Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Most Popular Landmarks Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden2.0 km Yoyogi Koen3.3 km Tokyo Dome4.6 km Roppongi Hills4.8 km Akihabara Electric Town6.5 km Ueno Koen6.6 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal1.4 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal3.5 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.8 km Tokyo6.2 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit6.4 km Tokyo6.5 km FAQs when booking at Nine Hours Shinjuku-North How close is Nine Hours Shinjuku-North to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With a distance of 18.4 km between Nine Hours Shinjuku-North and the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Nine Hours Shinjuku-North? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Nine Hours Shinjuku-North from the Tokyo city center? Nine Hours Shinjuku-North is just 0.7 km away from the center of Shinjuku, Tokyo. From Nine Hours Shinjuku-North you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tokyo Dome. What is the Nine Hours Shinjuku-North phone number? For questions about Nine Hours Shinjuku-North and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +81 352 917 337. Does Nine Hours Shinjuku-North have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Nine Hours Shinjuku-North has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Nine Hours Shinjuku-North? 10:00 AM is the check-out time at Nine Hours Shinjuku-North. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Nine Hours Shinjuku-North Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
