https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Enigmatic_Hotel_Restaurant_Bar.htm
Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Hotel Av Carlos Nader Calle Mero No.12, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 2,721 reviews 8.1 C$ 31 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Located under a 10-minute walk from Cancun Bus Station, Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar offers guests an ideal base while visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. The... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 125 9502 All policies Amenities at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Grill Adults only Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Mosquito net Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Plunge pool TV Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Privacy curtain Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Drying rack for clothing Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Darts Scuba diving Diving Evening entertainment Karaoke Services Ticket service Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Contactless check-in/check-out Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Hotel Parador 7.2 Good Av. Tulum No. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in Cancun, Hotel Parador is close to Cancun Bus Station and offers complimentary internet access. It also provides a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a concierge. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Luma by Kavia 8.0 Excellent Calle Claveles No. 109 LT. 1,3,3-A,5, 31, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Kavia is an ideal base when visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Hacienda de Castilla 6.9 Good Calle 17, Sm. 64, Mza. 23, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Cancun. It also provides a kids pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 2,721 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.0Friends 7.6Couples 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar All photos (27) Bedroom (4) Other (4) Patio (4) Pool (3) Where is Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun1.6 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun11.5 km Playa Delfines12.2 km Playa Tortugas6.1 km Playa Gaviota Azul8.7 km Getting Around Cancún Autobuses del Centro0.4 km Cancún ADO Central bus station0.4 km Cancún Paradisus10.1 km Cancún Museo Maya10.4 km Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort11.2 km Cancún Grand Palladium Costa Mujeres Resort & Spa11.8 km FAQs when booking at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Is pricing at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar comparable to 2 star hotels in Cancún? There is a 16% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Cancún and the average nightly rate at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar. The rate at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar is just C$ 81/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Cancún. How close is Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With a distance of 15 km between Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar and the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar? Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar? Yes, Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar from the Cancún city center? Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar is just 2.9 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. From Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Playa Delfines. What is the Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar phone number? You can reach the front desk of Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar at +52 998 125 9502. Does Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar, Cancún? Prices at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 81, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 20. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar? Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. How far is Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar from Plaza de Toros? Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar is a good place to stay to see Plaza de Toros. It’s 1.3 km away. Is Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? 1.9 km - making Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
