https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Bangkok_Silom_Road_Hotel.htm
Novotel Bangkok Silom Road, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Hotel 320 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand GoodBased on 497 reviews 7.1 C$ 55 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Showcasing impressive views of Bangkok, this modern hotel is an easy walk from Surasak BTS Station. It also provides a sauna, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. This 4-star hotel off... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 25.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 206 9100 All policies Amenities at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Smartphone Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Playground Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom 8.6 Excellent 981 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom is ideal for guests wanting to discover Bangkok and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals lebua at State Tower - SHA Plus 8.6 Excellent 1055 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Awarded the 2021 Top Hotel in Bangkok by Condé Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, the luxurious Lebua at State Tower- SHA Extra Plus is home to one of the highest rooftop bar in the world with stunning views of the city. This modern property is ideally located in Silom and is within walking distance of Saphan Taksin BTS Station. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Centre Point Silom 8.7 Excellent 1522/2 Soi Kaysorn 1 (Charoenkrung 50), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Chao Phraya River, Centre Point Silom is set in a popular area of Bangkok and offers a swimming pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Bangkok 8.8 Excellent 89 Soi Wat Suan Plu, New Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Showcasing views of Bangkok, Shangri-La Bangkok is a modern base with deluxe amenities, such as outdoor tennis courts, a limousine service and an infinity pool. It is a short drive from Patpong and offers free private parking on site. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Bangkok Silom Road 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 497 verified guest reviews 7.1Couples 7.0Families 7.3Friends 7.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Bangkok Silom Road All photos (38) Pool (6) Other (6) Bedroom (5) Restaurant (4) Where is Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Most Popular Landmarks Patpong Night Market1.6 km Silom Complex1.9 km Central Plaza Ladprao11.4 km Rajamangala Stadium11.7 km MBK Center2.7 km Siam Square2.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Lerdsin Hospital0.1 km Bangkok Charoen Krung Rd0.4 km Bangkok Surasak Bts0.5 km Bangkok Saphan Taksin Bts0.7 km Bangkok Paramont0.7 km Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop0.9 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Is pricing at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road is 52% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road is typically C$ 63, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Novotel Bangkok Silom Road to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 23.2 km between Novotel Bangkok Silom Road and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Novotel Bangkok Silom Road? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Novotel Bangkok Silom Road guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road? Yes, Novotel Bangkok Silom Road has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Novotel Bangkok Silom Road from the Bangkok city center? Novotel Bangkok Silom Road is just 0.4 km away from the center of Bang Rak, Bangkok. From Novotel Bangkok Silom Road you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Novotel Bangkok Silom Road phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road please call +66 2 206 9100. Does Novotel Bangkok Silom Road have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Bangkok Silom Road has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road? Novotel Bangkok Silom Road does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road, Bangkok? A good deal at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road right now is between C$ 42 and C$ 63 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Bangkok Silom Road? Novotel Bangkok Silom Road does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Novotel Bangkok Silom Road have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Novotel Bangkok Silom Road Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
