https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Lisboa.htm
Novotel Lisboa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Novotel Lisboa Novotel Lisboa Hotel Avenida Jose Malhoa 1 1A, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 3,407 reviews 7.8 C$ 124 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Lisboa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Lisboa Situated in Lisbon, Novotel Lisboa offers modern 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the sun on the terra... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 5.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 217 244 800 All policies Amenities at Novotel Lisboa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Services Babysitting or child care Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Lisboa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Novotel Lisboa ibis Lisboa Jose Malhoa 8.0 Excellent Avenida Jose Malhoa 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Lisbon hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Sete Rios. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Corinthia Lisbon 8.8 Excellent Avenida Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro, 105, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Corinthia Hotel Lisbon provides 5-star accommodation in Lisbon. It also features a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Principe Lisboa 8.7 Excellent Avenida Duque De Avila, 201, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Hotel Principe Lisboa provides modern 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Real Palacio 8.0 Excellent Rua Tomas Ribeiro 115, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Saldanha Metro Station, Hotel Real Palacio is a convenient base while in Lisbon. It also offers a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Lisboa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 3,407 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.7Friends 7.8Families 7.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Lisboa All photos (46) Other (9) Bedroom (8) Restaurant (6) Bar (4) Where is Novotel Lisboa Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian0.7 km Jardim Botânico2.3 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.3 km Chiado Museum3.4 km Castelo de São Jorge3.5 km Sé de Lisboa3.9 km Getting Around Lisbon Av. José Malhoa0.1 km Lisbon Sete Rios0.6 km Lisbon Av. da República1.4 km Lisbon Saldanha1.4 km Lisbon Picoas1.5 km Lisbon Entrecampos1.5 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Lisboa Is pricing at Novotel Lisboa comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? Novotel Lisboa is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Lisbon. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 179 per night in Lisbon. Novotel Lisboa will run you C$ 143 per night, which is 41% cheaper than the Lisbon average. How close is Novotel Lisboa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? At 5 km away, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is the closest airport to Novotel Lisboa. The average expected drive time from Novotel Lisboa to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is 0h 03m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Novotel Lisboa? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Novotel Lisboa can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Novotel Lisboa has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Novotel Lisboa considered pet-friendly? Novotel Lisboa is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Novotel Lisboa. Is there a pool at Novotel Lisboa? Yes. Many people visiting Lisbon look for a hotel with a pool. Novotel Lisboa has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Novotel Lisboa from the Lisbon city center? The center of Uptown, Lisbon, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Novotel Lisboa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Sé de Lisboa, which you can get to from Novotel Lisboa using any means of transportation. What is the Novotel Lisboa phone number? The best way to contact Novotel Lisboa is by calling +351 217 244 800. Does Novotel Lisboa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Lisboa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Lisboa? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Novotel Lisboa. What is the check-out time at Novotel Lisboa? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Novotel Lisboa, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Lisboa, Lisbon? A good deal at Novotel Lisboa right now is between C$ 104 and C$ 143 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Lisboa? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Novotel Lisboa for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Novotel Lisboa have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Novotel Lisboa, Lisbon. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Novotel Lisboa from Estádio José Alvalade? The popular Estádio José Alvalade is just over 2.8 km from Novotel Lisboa. Is Novotel Lisboa close to SL Benfica Stadium? Novotel Lisboa is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit SL Benfica Stadium, which is 2.7 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Novotel Lisboa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
