https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Montreal_Aeroport.htm
Novotel Montreal Aeroport, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Novotel Montreal Aeroport Novotel Montreal Aeroport Hotel 2599 Boulevard Alfred Nobel, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 660 reviews 7.6 C$ 160 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Montreal Aeroport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Montreal Aeroport Boasting a saltwater swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, this Montreal hotel is conveniently located within Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. It also offers a free shuttle service, an ex... More Good to Know To Downtown 15.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 3.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 337 3222 All policies Amenities at Novotel Montreal Aeroport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Coffee machine Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Montreal Aeroport Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 387 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 518 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Novotel Montreal Aeroport Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal Airport Conference Centre 6.4 Good 4545 Boul. Cote-Vertu Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi, the hotel is a convenient base in Montreal. It also offers a swimming pool, meeting rooms and a ballroom. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Aloft Montreal Airport 7.9 Good 500 Mcmillan Avenue, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 4.2 km from current hotel The hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Montreal, just moments from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport 2.3 Mediocre 7300 Chemin De La Cote-de-Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 5.0 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute drive from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Airport provides convenient and comfortable accommodation. It also offers an outdoor pool, a kids club and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport 6.8 Good 6600 Cote De Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 5.4 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a sauna. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Montreal Aeroport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 660 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.6Solo 7.5Friends 7.6Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Montreal Aeroport All photos (31) Bedroom (7) Lounge (4) Outdoors view (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Novotel Montreal Aeroport Most Popular Landmarks Marché Jean-Talon12.7 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal14.3 km Stade Percival-Molson14.4 km Eaton Centre15.0 km Centre Bell15.1 km Christ Church Cathedral15.1 km Getting Around Montreal Crémazie11.6 km Montreal Jean-Talon12.9 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph14.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque15.3 km Montreal Central15.4 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance15.6 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Montreal Aeroport Is pricing at Novotel Montreal Aeroport comparable to 4 star hotels in Montreal? Hotels in Montreal that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 304/night, but on average, Novotel Montreal Aeroport is available for 50% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Novotel Montreal Aeroport for C$ 207/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Montreal. How close is Novotel Montreal Aeroport to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 3.1 km drive between Novotel Montreal Aeroport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 02m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Novotel Montreal Aeroport? Novotel Montreal Aeroport has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Novotel Montreal Aeroport considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Novotel Montreal Aeroport. Is there a pool at Novotel Montreal Aeroport? Yes, Novotel Montreal Aeroport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Novotel Montreal Aeroport from the Montreal city center? The center of Saint-Laurent, Montreal, is just 3.9 km away from the front doors of Novotel Montreal Aeroport. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Vieux-Port de Montréal, which you can get to from Novotel Montreal Aeroport using any means of transportation. What is the Novotel Montreal Aeroport phone number? You can reach the front desk of Novotel Montreal Aeroport at +1 514 337 3222. Does Novotel Montreal Aeroport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Montreal Aeroport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Montreal Aeroport? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Novotel Montreal Aeroport. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Novotel Montreal Aeroport? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Novotel Montreal Aeroport. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Montreal Aeroport, Montreal? A good deal at Novotel Montreal Aeroport right now is between C$ 118 and C$ 207 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Montreal Aeroport? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Novotel Montreal Aeroport for opening and last order times. The hotel also has a bar. Does Novotel Montreal Aeroport have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Novotel Montreal Aeroport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
