https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Ottawa_City_Centre_Hotel.htm
Novotel Ottawa City Centre, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Novotel Ottawa City Centre Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel 33 Nicholas Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,253 reviews 8.0 C$ 187 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Ottawa City Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Ottawa City Centre Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel offers modern accommodation in Ottawa and is a two-minute walk from Campus Station. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi.... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 230 3033 All policies Amenities at Novotel Ottawa City Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Cycling Fitness centre Hiking Library Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Conference rooms Wedding services Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Ottawa City Centre Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Novotel Ottawa City Centre Saintlo Ottawa Jail Hostel 8.1 Excellent 75 Nicholas Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Ottawa, HI- Ottawa Jail Hostel is set amongst a range of clubs and bars and is minutes on foot from Mackenzie King Station. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Ottawa 8.8 Excellent 30 Daly Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, Le Germain Hotel Ottawa is surrounded by a variety of clubs and bars and is moments on foot from Laurier Bus Station. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals Les Suites Hotel Ottawa 7.9 Good 130 Besserer Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Mackenzie King Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Laurier Bus Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Ottawa City Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,253 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.0Couples 7.9Families 8.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Ottawa City Centre All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Restaurant (7) Living room (6) Bar (3) Where is Novotel Ottawa City Centre Most Popular Landmarks Ottawa Art Gallery0.0 km Rideau Centre0.2 km Confederation Park0.4 km Laurier House0.9 km Bank Street Promenade1.1 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.4 km Getting Around Ottawa Rideau Centre0.2 km Ottawa 1 George St0.4 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.4 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.7 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.7 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.9 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Ottawa City Centre How close is Novotel Ottawa City Centre to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At just 11.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to Novotel Ottawa City Centre is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Novotel Ottawa City Centre? Getting from Ottawa Airport to Novotel Ottawa City Centre can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 57/day in Ottawa. Luckily, Novotel Ottawa City Centre has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Novotel Ottawa City Centre guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is Novotel Ottawa City Centre considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Novotel Ottawa City Centre. Is there a pool at Novotel Ottawa City Centre? Yes, Novotel Ottawa City Centre has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Novotel Ottawa City Centre from the Ottawa city center? Novotel Ottawa City Centre is just 0.4 km away from the center of Byward Market, Ottawa. From Novotel Ottawa City Centre you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian Tire Centre. What is the Novotel Ottawa City Centre phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 230 3033 to talk to a Novotel Ottawa City Centre front desk representative. Does Novotel Ottawa City Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Ottawa City Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Ottawa City Centre? Novotel Ottawa City Centre does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Novotel Ottawa City Centre? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Ottawa City Centre, Ottawa? Prices at Novotel Ottawa City Centre will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 221, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 120. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Ottawa City Centre? There is a restaurant located in Novotel Ottawa City Centre. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Novotel Ottawa City Centre have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Novotel Ottawa City Centre that can be used by guests. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Novotel Ottawa City Centre from Canadian War Museum? Novotel Ottawa City Centre is about 2.3 km from Canadian War Museum, one of Ottawa’s most popular landmarks. Is Novotel Ottawa City Centre close to Laurier House? 0.9 km - making Laurier House a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Novotel Ottawa City Centre. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
