https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Paris_Centre_Gare_Montparnasse.htm
Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Hotel 17 Rue du Cotentin, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,701 reviews 8.1 C$ 144 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse offers 4-star accommodation in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles. The various facilities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 25.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 53 91 23 75 All policies Amenities at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Indoor play area Playground Library Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Conference rooms Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,573 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,842 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 601 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 338 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by Hiphophostels 6.0 Good 62 Rue Des Morillons, Paris, France Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Arty Paris Porte de Versailles by River Hotels is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. The front desk is open 24 hours, and a buffet breakfast is available each morning. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Eden 8.6 Excellent 110 Rue Blomet, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from La Motte Picquet Grenelle Metro Station, Hotel Eden Paris offers guests a convenient base when visiting Paris. It also offers a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and free Wi-Fi. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15Ème 7.4 Good 2 Rue Cambronne, Paris, France Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Ibis Paris Eiffel Tower Cambronne 15th Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Paris. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, massage services and meeting rooms. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Little Palace Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4 Rue Salomon De Caus, Paris, France Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in the heart of Paris, Little Palace Hotel is a short walk from Reaumur Sebastopol Metro Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 1,701 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 7.8Friends 8.0Couples 7.8Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse All photos (55) Other (17) Bedroom (15) Outdoors view (4) Room amenity (4) Where is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Most Popular Landmarks Tour Montparnasse0.6 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés2.2 km Pantheon2.4 km Eiffel Tower2.7 km Louvre Museum2.9 km Notre Dame3.0 km Getting Around Paris Vaugirard0.1 km Paris Institut Pasteur0.4 km Paris Montparnasse0.5 km Paris Volontaires0.6 km Paris Sèvres-Lecourbe0.9 km Paris Rennes/Littre0.9 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Is pricing at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Paris. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 319 per night in Paris. Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse will run you C$ 229 per night, which is 47% cheaper than the Paris average. How close is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? There are 25.9 km between the closest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 20m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 40/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse considered pet-friendly? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse welcomes most household pets. How close is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse from the Paris city center? The center of 14th arrondissement, Paris, is just 1.1 km away from the front doors of Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as AccorHotels Arena, which you can get to from Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse using any means of transportation. What is the Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse phone number? For questions about Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 53 91 23 75. Does Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse, Paris? Prices at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 229, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 111. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse, Paris. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse from Champs-Elysées? You can walk to Champs-Elysées while staying at Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse - you’ll be about 3.3 km away. Is Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse close to Louvre Museum? Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Louvre Museum, which is 2.9 km away. Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
