https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Montreal_Center.htm
Novotel Montreal Centre, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Novotel Montreal Centre Novotel Montreal Centre Hotel 1180 rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 868 reviews 8.2 C$ 128 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Montreal Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Montreal Centre Centrally located, Novotel Montreal Center allows for easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The hotel fe... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 861 6000 All policies Amenities at Novotel Montreal Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Books Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Key access Beauty salon Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Montreal Centre Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Novotel Montreal Centre Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a saltwater pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Le Crystal Montreal is in a convenient location close to Bell Centre and Le Windsor. This property is ideally located in Downtown Montreal. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Suites Downtown 6.8 Good 1214 Crescent Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Comfort Suites Downtown Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The various amenities this modern hotel features include free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and a 24-hour reception. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown-Hotel Europa 7.3 Good 1240 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. It is moments from Bell Centre, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest, an IHG Hotel 8.5 Excellent 1390 Boulevard René-Lévesque Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Montreal. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Montreal Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 868 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.0Friends 8.3Families 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Montreal Centre All photos (33) Bedroom (6) Conference room (5) Other (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Novotel Montreal Centre Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell0.3 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.5 km Place Ville-Marie0.6 km Place Bonaventure0.7 km Eaton Centre0.7 km Christ Church Cathedral0.8 km Getting Around Montreal Central0.6 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.7 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.3 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.5 km Montreal Bus2.3 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.6 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Montreal Centre How close is Novotel Montreal Centre to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 14.3 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and Novotel Montreal Centre. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 11m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Novotel Montreal Centre? Novotel Montreal Centre has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Novotel Montreal Centre considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Novotel Montreal Centre. How close is Novotel Montreal Centre from the Montreal city center? The center of Golden Square Mile, Montreal, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Novotel Montreal Centre. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Novotel Montreal Centre using any means of transportation. What is the Novotel Montreal Centre phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Novotel Montreal Centre please call +1 514 861 6000. Does Novotel Montreal Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Montreal Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Montreal Centre? Yes, there is a gym available to Novotel Montreal Centre guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Novotel Montreal Centre? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Montreal Centre, Montreal? On average, guests have been paying C$ 200 per night to stay at Novotel Montreal Centre. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 94 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Montreal Centre? Yes - Novotel Montreal Centre does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Novotel Montreal Centre have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Novotel Montreal Centre, Montreal. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Novotel Montreal Centre from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Novotel Montreal Centre is about 1.8 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Novotel Montreal Centre close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, Novotel Montreal Centre is just 0.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Novotel Montreal Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
