https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Novotel_Deira_City_Centre.htm
Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Hotel 8th Street Port Saeed District, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,751 reviews 7.6 C$ 154 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Novotel Deira City Centre is located in Dubai and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a rooftop terrace. This 4-star hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 3.2 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4292 5200 All policies Amenities at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Kids toys Golf Fitness centre Tennis Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre City Seasons Hotel Dubai 7.5 Good Al Maktoum Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, as well as free Wi-Fi, the hotel is a comfortable place to stay in Dubai. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Flora Creek Deluxe Hotel Apartments 8.2 Excellent Port Saeed,Near Deira City Center,po Box 119062, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, plus complimentary wireless internet, Flora Creek Deluxe Hotel Apartments is a comfortable base in Dubai. Some of the popular features at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Monaco Hotel 7.0 Good Abu Baker Al Sidique Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Monaco Hotel Dubai provides 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Aravi Hotel 6.6 Good 45c St, Al Rigga Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Modern and cosy, Avari Dubai Hotel is located in Dubai and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,751 verified guest reviews 7.7Solo 7.6Families 7.6Couples 7.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre All photos (50) Other (13) Bedroom (7) Restaurant (7) Buffet (6) Where is Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Most Popular Landmarks Deira City Centre0.4 km Meydan Racecourse10.8 km Al Ghurair Centre2.2 km Al Karama2.8 km Dubai Creek3.6 km Dubai Museum3.7 km Getting Around Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.6 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.0 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus3.7 km Dubai Np3.9 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station5.3 km FAQs when booking at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Is pricing at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? There is a 30% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Dubai and the average nightly rate at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre. The rate at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre is just C$ 171/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Dubai. How close is Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre is 3.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre from the Dubai city center? Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre is just 2.8 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Gold Souq. What is the Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre phone number? The best way to contact Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre is by calling +971 4292 5200. Does Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre? Yes, Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre? Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre, Dubai? C$ 13 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre, with average deals around C$ 171 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre, Dubai. The hotel also has a bar. Does Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre have a laundry service? Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Novotel Dubai Deira City Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
