https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Oaks_Ibn_Battuta_Gate_Dubai.htm
Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Hotel Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,943 reviews 7.7 C$ 145 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Featuring a private beach and a swimming pool, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a free shuttle service, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. Gues... More Good to Know To Downtown 23.7 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 34.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4444 0000 All policies Amenities at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Dining room Accessible parking Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tablet Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Evening entertainment Fitness centre Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Pool table Massage Shopping Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Top Dubai hotels Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Mövenpick Grand Al Bustan Dubai 7.4 Good Casablanca Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Mövenpick Grand Al Bustan Dubai is a world-class 5 star hotel offering warm Arabic hospitality and convenience paired with diverse amenities and facilities. The hotel features 279 guest rooms and suites, seven restaurants and bars, meetings and events venue options including a convention centre and state-of-the-art leisure facilities. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Wyndham Dubai Marina 8.1 Excellent Al Seba Street, P.O. Box 215373, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.4 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Dubai International Airport, plus free wireless internet, the hotel is a convenient base in Dubai. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an executive floor, a swimming pool and a sauna. C$ 227 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Dubai - Jumeirah Beach 8.1 Excellent Jumeirah Beach Residence - The Walk, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel This luxury hotel is conveniently set in Dubai Marina and offers its guests an outdoor pool, a private beach and a sauna. There is also a fitness centre with an infinity pool. C$ 467 Avg. per night View Deals Amwaj Rotana, Jumeirah Beach - Dubai 8.2 Excellent Jumeirah Beach Residence, 86834, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.0 km from current hotel Set in Dubai Marina, this elegant hotel features a free shuttle service, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. It boasts stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the sea. C$ 330 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach 9.0 Excellent Jumeirah Beach - Dubai Marina, PO Box 473828, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.4 km from current hotel Providing a sauna, an infinity pool and free Wi-Fi, Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is situated in Dubai Marina and is a short stroll from Al Sahab Tower 2. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features modern 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,943 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.7Solo 7.5Friends 7.8Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai All photos (60) Bathroom (12) Bedroom (8) Living room (8) Restaurant (5) Where is Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Ibn Battuta Mall0.7 km Meydan Racecourse23.0 km The Dubai Fountain23.6 km Burj Khalifa23.6 km Dubai Mall24.0 km Emirates Towers25.9 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station28.7 km Dubai Np29.9 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus32.6 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station5.3 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach54.7 km FAQs when booking at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Is pricing at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? Hotels in Dubai that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 531/night, but on average, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is available for 73% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai for C$ 192/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Dubai. How close is Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? There are 34.4 km between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 26m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai? Getting from Dubai Intl Airport to Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 61/day in Dubai. Luckily, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Dubai often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai from the Dubai city center? Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is 1.7 km away from the center of Jebel Ali Village, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai by various forms of transportation. What is the Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai phone number? For questions about Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4444 0000. Does Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai? Yes. You should consider staying at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai, Dubai? Usually Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai room prices are around C$ 192/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 90/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai? There is a restaurant located in Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai from Ibn Battuta Mall? Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is a good place to stay to see Ibn Battuta Mall. It’s 0.7 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
