https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Oasis_Avenue_A_GDH_Hotel.htm
Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Hotel 18 Prat Avenue, Hong Kong, Hong Kong ExcellentBased on 46 reviews 8.4 C$ 1,136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel is set in Tsim Sha Tsui and is a 10-minute walk from the Avenue of Stars, iSQUARE and Miramar Shopping Centre. It is close to the Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre, eateries... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.1 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 26.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 3410 8888 All policies Amenities at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Heating Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Hairdryer Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Butterfly On Prat 7.9 Good 21 Prat Avenue, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in Tsim Sha Tsui, and offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. It is surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is minutes on foot from Tsim Sha Tsui Station. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Soravit on Granville 7.6 Good 29a, Granville Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is set only a five-minute stroll of Tsim Sha Tsui Station and provides air conditioned rooms with a refrigerator, a private bathroom and a kitchenette. This property is conveniently located in Tsim Sha Tsui. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals The Luxe Manor 7.9 Good 39 Kimberley Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Tsim Sha Tsui, The Luxe Manor is within an easy walk of Chungking Mansions. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Tsim Sha Tsui Station. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is within a 10-minute walk of Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground and features an outdoor pool. It provides city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 46 verified guest reviews 10.0Families 8.4Couples 9.2Friends 8.1Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel All photos (58) Bedroom (23) Bathroom (5) Gym (4) Other (4) Where is Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Kowloon Park0.5 km Harbour City0.7 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower0.8 km Hong Kong Disneyland13.8 km Times Square2.4 km Lan Kwai Fong2.8 km Getting Around Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station0.6 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station0.9 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan10.8 km Hong Kong Cz2.5 km FAQs when booking at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel How close is Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel from the Hong Kong city center? Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel is just 0.2 km away from the center of Kowloon, Hong Kong. From Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ocean Park. What is the Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel is by calling +852 3410 8888. Does Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel, Hong Kong? Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 1,105/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 1,016/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel? Yes - Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel does have a restaurant. Does Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel, Hong Kong. How far is Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel from Mid-levels Escalators? Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel is a walkable distance (2.6 km) from Mid-levels Escalators, Hong Kong. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Oasis Avenue - A GDH Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
