https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Oasis_Palm_All_Inclusive.htm
Oasis Palm, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Oasis Palm Oasis Palm Hotel Blvd. Kukulcan Km 4.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 1,752 reviews 7.4 C$ 238 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Oasis Palm Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Oasis Palm Boasting outdoor tennis courts and a private beach, Oasis Palm - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It has a day spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Gue... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.6 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 15.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 7500 All policies Amenities at Oasis Palm Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private beach Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Beach towels Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine Conditioner Water slide Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Aerobics Evening entertainment Fitness centre Tennis Indoor play area Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Water park Pool table Massage Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Oasis Palm Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Oasis Palm The Royal Cancun - All Suites Resort 8.6 Excellent Kukulcan Boulevard Km 4.5 Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor heated pool and a private beach. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and free Wi-Fi. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Occidental Costa Cancún 8.0 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan, Km. 4,5 | Cancún, Quintana Roo, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It provides a day spa, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and a beauty centre. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Ocean Spa Hotel 2.0 Mediocre Blvd Kukulcan Km 3.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and a private beach, Ocean Spa Hotel All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and provides modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 262 Avg. per night View Deals Temptation Cancun Resort 8.2 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan K.M. 3.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Temptation Resort Spa Cancun offers relaxed adults-only accommodation. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 448 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Oasis Palm 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 1,752 verified guest reviews 7.1Couples 7.5Families 6.7Friends 7.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Oasis Palm All photos (36) Bedroom (7) Pool (6) Other (6) Restaurant (5) Where is Oasis Palm Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas1.8 km Puerto Cancun2.9 km Playa Gaviota Azul4.4 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun8.6 km Playa Delfines9.2 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Nautilus0.7 km Cancún Tortugas Beach1.8 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.3 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort11.5 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.5 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach12.4 km FAQs when booking at Oasis Palm Is pricing at Oasis Palm comparable to 4 star hotels in Cancún? In Cancún, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 292. The expected nightly rate for Oasis Palm is around C$ 336; a price that is 15% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Oasis Palm to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Cancún. How close is Oasis Palm to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 15.1 km drive between Oasis Palm and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 11m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Oasis Palm? Getting from Cancun Airport to Oasis Palm can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, Oasis Palm has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Oasis Palm? Yes, Oasis Palm has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Oasis Palm from the Cancún city center? Oasis Palm is just 3 km away from the center of Hotel Zone, Cancún. From Oasis Palm you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Playa Delfines. What is the Oasis Palm phone number? The best way to contact Oasis Palm is by calling +52 998 848 7500. Does Oasis Palm have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Oasis Palm has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Oasis Palm? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Oasis Palm. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Oasis Palm? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Oasis Palm, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Oasis Palm, Cancún? Prices at Oasis Palm will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 336, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 145. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Oasis Palm? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Oasis Palm for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Oasis Palm have a laundry service? Oasis Palm does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Oasis Palm from Plaza de Toros? Oasis Palm is about 3.7 km from Plaza de Toros, one of Cancún’s most popular landmarks. Is Oasis Palm close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? Walking distance - there’s 3.8 km between Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book and Oasis Palm. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Oasis Palm Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
