https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ohia_Waikiki_Studio_Suites.htm
Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Hotel 2280 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 1,602 reviews 6.4 C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.6 km Rating 6.4 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 11.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 926 6442 All policies Amenities at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Outdoor furniture City view Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Parking (surcharge) Conditioner Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Services Wake-up service Laundry service Photocopier service Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites The Laylow, Autograph Collection 8.5 Excellent 2299 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Waikiki, The Laylow Autograph Collection provides modern accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 460 Avg. per night View Deals White Sands Hotel 8.0 Excellent 431 Nohonani Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This unique resort is ideally located in Waikiki and provides a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 251 Avg. per night View Deals Ilima Hotel 8.5 Excellent 445 Nohonani Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Waikiki, Ilima Hotel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also features a sauna, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Shoreline Hotel Waikiki 8.1 Excellent 342 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Honolulu, Shoreline Hotel Waikiki is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and offers an outdoor pool. It is steps from Royal Hawaiian Center, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.4 OkayBased on 1,603 verified guest reviews 6.6Friends 6.5Couples 6.7Solo 6.1Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites All photos (45) Bedroom (10) Building (6) Outdoors view (5) Balcony (4) Where is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.5 km Kuhio Beach Park0.7 km Honolulu Zoo1.4 km FAQs when booking at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites How close is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? With a distance of 11.4 km between Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites and the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites. Is there a pool at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites? Yes, Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites from the Honolulu city center? Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites is 0.6 km away from the center of Waikiki, Honolulu. Consider visiting Pearl Harbor, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites by various forms of transportation. What is the Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites please call +1 808 926 6442. Does Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites? Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites, Honolulu? Usually Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites room prices are around C$ 206/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 116/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites have a laundry service? Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites from Diamond Head State Monument? Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites is a good place to stay to see Diamond Head State Monument. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites close to Honolulu Museum of Art? If you want to see Honolulu Museum of Art while visiting Honolulu, Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites is just 3.5 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
