https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Olympia_Lodge_Calgary.htm
Olympia Lodge, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Olympia Lodge Olympia Lodge Motel 5020 16 Ave Nw, Calgary, AB, Canada MediocreBased on 401 reviews 2.7 C$ 60 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Olympia Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Olympia Lodge Situated in Calgary, the motel is a short drive from Canada Olympic Park and Downtown Calgary. It also offers free Wi-Fi. The rooms at Olympia Lodge Calgary feature a refrigerator and all the... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.3 km Rating 2.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 288 4461 All policies Amenities at Olympia Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Body soap Family rooms Linens Towels Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Shampoo Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Heating Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Microwave Private bathroom Kitchenette Alarm clock Show more Services Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Olympia Lodge Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Olympia Lodge Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest 7.8 Good 4420 16th Avenue Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, the hotel is an easy drive from Canada Olympic Park and Calgary Zoo. It has a fitness centre, as well as a bowling alley, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage services. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals University of Calgary Accommodations and Events 169 University Gate North West, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of University C-Train Station, University of Calgary Accommodations and Events provides guests with a convenient base when in Calgary. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Haskayne School Of Business and Olympic Oval. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Hotel & Suites Calgary West 7.9 Good 8220 Bowridge Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Calgary West is located in Calgary and is close to Bowness. It has a gym, as well as an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary West 7.6 Good 125 Bowridge Drive Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary West provides a comfortable setting while in Calgary. It also offers a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Olympia Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 2.7 BadBased on 401 verified guest reviews 2.1Families 3.2Solo 2.9Friends 2.6Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Olympia Lodge All photos (26) Bedroom (7) Outdoors view (6) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Where is Olympia Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Market Mall1.4 km Calgary Zoo10.4 km Chinook Centre10.9 km Heritage Park Historical Village11.0 km South Glenmore Park11.5 km Calaway Park13.4 km Getting Around Calgary Whitehorn Lrt Station12.9 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne13.1 km Calgary Roadking Travel Centre13.3 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station14.7 km Calgary Rocky View No. 44 Crossiron Mills18.7 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino18.8 km FAQs when booking at Olympia Lodge How close is Olympia Lodge to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Olympia Lodge is 11.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 09m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Olympia Lodge? Getting from Calgary Airport to Olympia Lodge can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Calgary. Luckily, Olympia Lodge has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Olympia Lodge guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. How close is Olympia Lodge from the Calgary city center? Olympia Lodge is 6.5 km away from the center of Beltline, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Olympia Lodge by various forms of transportation. What is the Olympia Lodge phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 403 288 4461 to talk to a Olympia Lodge front desk representative. Does Olympia Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Olympia Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Olympia Lodge? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Olympia Lodge. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Olympia Lodge, Calgary? Olympia Lodge room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 167/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 51/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Olympia Lodge have a laundry service? Olympia Lodge does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Olympia Lodge from McMahon Stadium? The popular McMahon Stadium is just over 3.3 km from Olympia Lodge. Is Olympia Lodge close to Olympic Oval? 2.1 km - making Olympic Oval a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Olympia Lodge. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Olympia Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
