https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Orange_Drive_Hostel.htm
Orange Drive Hostel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Orange Drive Hostel Orange Drive Hostel Hostel 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 860 reviews 8.4 C$ 79 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Orange Drive Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Orange Drive Hostel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free ... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.1 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 850 0350 All policies Amenities at Orange Drive Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property Computer use available ATM on-site No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Towels Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shower Breakfast included Picnic area Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private parking CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Activities Library Services Ticket service Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Orange Drive Hostel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Orange Drive Hostel The Hollywood Roosevelt 8.2 Excellent 7000 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Roosevelt offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a bowling alley. C$ 377 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood and Highland Youth Hostel 7038 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Los Angeles, Hollywood Highland Hotel and Hostel is a five-minute walk from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and provides a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. Only a short walk from the Grauman's Chinese Theatre, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Loews Hollywood Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1755 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is conveniently positioned in Hollywood and provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop pool. Just a short stroll from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it offers trendy rooms equipped with an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a coffee maker. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Orange Drive Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 860 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 8.7Families 8.4Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Orange Drive Hostel All photos (28) Bedroom (10) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Outdoors view (4) Where is Orange Drive Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.3 km Hollywood Boulevard0.8 km Hollywood and Vine1.4 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.7 km California Science Center11.0 km Little Tokyo11.1 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.2 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.5 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.9 km Los Angeles West La (palms)10.1 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.4 km Los Angeles University of Southern California10.4 km FAQs when booking at Orange Drive Hostel How close is Orange Drive Hostel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At 19 km away, Los Angeles Airport is the closest airport to Orange Drive Hostel. The average expected drive time from Orange Drive Hostel to Los Angeles Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Orange Drive Hostel? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Orange Drive Hostel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 27/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Orange Drive Hostel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Orange Drive Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. How close is Orange Drive Hostel from the Los Angeles city center? Orange Drive Hostel is just 1.7 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. From Orange Drive Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Orange Drive Hostel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 323 850 0350 to talk to a Orange Drive Hostel front desk representative. Does Orange Drive Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Orange Drive Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Orange Drive Hostel? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Orange Drive Hostel, Los Angeles? Prices at Orange Drive Hostel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 133, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 55. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Orange Drive Hostel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Orange Drive Hostel. How far is Orange Drive Hostel from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Orange Drive Hostel is a walkable distance (0.3 km) from Hollywood Walk of Fame, Los Angeles. Is Orange Drive Hostel close to Hollywood Boulevard? The distance from Orange Drive Hostel to Hollywood Boulevard is 0.8 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Orange Drive Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
