https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Orchid_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Orchid Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Orchid Hotel Orchid Hotel Hotel Al Riqqa Road, Deira (P.O.Box 14042), Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 37 reviews 7.5 C$ 76 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Orchid Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Orchid Hotel Located in Dubai, Hotel Orchid is within a 15-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and offers a swimming pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.7 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 4.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4295 6999 All policies Amenities at Orchid Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Minibar Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Steam room Night club Storage available Show more Activities Massage Pool table Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Orchid Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Orchid Hotel Aravi Hotel 6.6 Good 45c St, Al Rigga Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Modern and cosy, Avari Dubai Hotel is located in Dubai and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It is surrounded by a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Monaco Hotel 7.0 Good Abu Baker Al Sidique Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Monaco Hotel Dubai provides 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Orchid Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 37 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 7.2Solo 4.4Friends 8.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 3.7 Poor Anonymous, May 2017 I wait 1 hour for check in because of the confirmation and visitor are not allowed this hotel rooms are too dark not enough light I wish if they give complimentary water A 6.7 Okay Anonymous, Jan. 2017 What i dont like is there was no complimentary water at least. For house keeping, you have to tell them otherwise they will not clean. There was no parking area, you have to pay 30 AED for the Valet guys to search a slot for you in the public parking. They gave only 1card key even if you are 2 or more. Photos of Orchid Hotel All photos (14) Building (3) Hallway (3) Bathroom (2) Lobby (2) Where is Orchid Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Deira City Centre1.1 km Al Ghurair Centre1.1 km Meydan Racecourse11.4 km Al Karama2.3 km Dubai Museum2.8 km Gold Souq2.8 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.6 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach22.5 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station27.0 km Dubai Np3.1 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.6 km FAQs when booking at Orchid Hotel Is pricing at Orchid Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Dubai? In Dubai, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 146. The expected nightly rate for Orchid Hotel is around C$ 102; a price that is 48% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Orchid Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Dubai. How close is Orchid Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 4.1 km between Orchid Hotel and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 03m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Orchid Hotel? Orchid Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Orchid Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Dubai often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Orchid Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Orchid Hotel from the Dubai city center? Orchid Hotel is just 2.1 km away from the center of Deira, Dubai. From Orchid Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ibn Battuta Mall. What is the Orchid Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4295 6999 to talk to a Orchid Hotel front desk representative. Does Orchid Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Orchid Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Orchid Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Orchid Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Orchid Hotel, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 102 per night to stay at Orchid Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 46 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Orchid Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Orchid Hotel, Dubai. The hotel also has a bar. Does Orchid Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Orchid Hotel. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Orchid Hotel from Gold Souq? Gold Souq in Dubai is 2.8 km away from Orchid Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Orchid Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
