https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Orlando-vacation-rentals.htm
Orlando, Florida Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Orlando, FL Search and compare Orlando, FL vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Orlando, FL, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Orlando, FL, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Orlando Vacation Rentals 4,634 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Orlando Cheapest month: December Most expensive month: May Average price in Orlando: C$ 195/night Cheapest price found: C$ 68/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Wednesday C$ 126 - C$ 399 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 179 - C$ 725 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Orlando, Florida Show all 6,045 hotels Magic Holiday Villas by ME 4090 Enchanted Oaks Circle, Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 2.9 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States Magic Holiday Villas is situated in Kissimmee, just 40 minutes from Orlando International Airport. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Cottages El Portal 8.7 Excellent Miami, FL, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Miami, FL, United States Cottages El Portal is situated in Miami and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals The Berkley, Orlando 9.2 Excellent Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 21.2 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States The Berkley Orlando provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Orlando. It has a day spa, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a kids pool. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Orlando 3 stars #1 Most popular Celebration Suites 2 Bedroom Condo 5820 West Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway, Kissimmee, FL, United States 8.5 C$ 210 View Deal #2 Most popular Magic Holiday Villas by ME 4090 Enchanted Oaks Circle, Kissimmee, FL, United States C$ 158 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Orlando Hotels in popular Orlando neighbourhoods College Park, Orlando vacation rentals Metro West, Orlando vacation rentals South Semoran, Orlando vacation rentals Catalina, Orlando vacation rentals Central Business District, Orlando vacation rentals Lake Nona South, Orlando vacation rentals West Colonial, Orlando vacation rentals Baldwin Park, Orlando vacation rentals South Orange, Orlando vacation rentals Hotels in popular Florida cities Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Sunny Isles Beach Show more Vacation rentals in popular Florida cities Orlando Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale Miami Hollywood Kissimmee Lake Buena Vista Key West Tampa Daytona Beach Show more Facts about staying in Orlando How much does a vacation rental in Orlando cost? Orlando vacation rentals are C$ 196/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Orlando, and January is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 69/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 179/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Orlando vacation rental? The Berkley, Orlando has a 9.2 rating from 804 users, making it the best Orlando vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Orlando Airport? It’s only 19.3 km from Orlando Airport to Magic Holiday Villas by ME (the nearest Orlando vacation rental to the airport). What part of Orlando is best to stay in? Florida Center is the best part of Orlando to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Orlando vacation rentals, 40% of them looked for stays in the Florida Center neighbourhood in the last year. The Westgate Palace Resort happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Florida Center neighbourhood of Orlando. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Orlando near Universal Orlando Resort? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Universal Orlando Resort while in Orlando, then the most popular is The Berkley, Orlando with a 9.2/10 review score from 804 users. The distance from Universal Orlando Resort to The Berkley, Orlando is 21.3 km. Are there Orlando vacation rentals with “hottub” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 1 Orlando vacation rental mentions “hottub” under their list of amenities. The The Berkley, Orlando is the most popular vacation rental in Orlando that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Orlando? Yes, there are 584 Resort vacation rentals in Orlando. According to our data, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,045 Orlando Vacation Rentals 4,634 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
