https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ottawa_Embassy_Hotel_Suites.htm
Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Hotel 25 Cartier Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,212 reviews 7.8 C$ 199 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites offers charming accommodation in Ottawa and is a short stroll from Campus Station. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. Guests can soak up the sun on the ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 237 2111 All policies Amenities at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Cartier Place Suite Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Cooper Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals The Business Inn 8.5 Excellent 180 Maclaren Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Centretown, The Business Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Lord Elgin Hotel 8.0 Excellent 100 Elgin Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Lord Elgin Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while visiting Ottawa. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 1,212 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 7.9Friends 7.9Couples 7.7Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites All photos (38) Bedroom (10) Living room (5) Other (4) Gym (3) Where is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Most Popular Landmarks Confederation Park0.4 km Rideau Centre0.6 km Bank Street Promenade0.7 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.7 km Canadian Museum of Nature0.8 km Laurier House1.3 km Getting Around Ottawa Rideau Centre0.5 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.5 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland0.6 km Ottawa Slater / Bank0.7 km Ottawa King Edward / Osgoode0.8 km Ottawa 1 George St0.9 km FAQs when booking at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites How close is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At 10.9 km away, Ottawa Airport is the closest airport to Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites. The average expected drive time from Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites to Ottawa Airport is 0h 08m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites from the Ottawa city center? Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites is just 0.7 km away from the center of Centretown, Ottawa. From Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian Tire Centre. What is the Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites phone number? For questions about Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 613 237 2111. Does Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites, Ottawa? Prices at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 199, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 119. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites, Ottawa. A bar is also available on-site. Does Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites from Canadian War Museum? Canadian War Museum in Ottawa is 2.2 km away from Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites. Is Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites close to Laurier House? If you want to see Laurier House while visiting Ottawa, Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites is just 1.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
