https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Outrigger_Reef_Waikiki_Beach_Resort.htm
Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Resort 2169 Kalia Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 81 reviews 8.9 C$ 373 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Featuring an outdoor pool, Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort is located in Honolulu and offers comfortable accommodation. It is steps from Spahalekulani and is close to the area's popular attraction... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 923 3111 All policies Amenities at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Beach towels Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Free toiletries Safe Shops (on site) Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Evening entertainment Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Waikiki Shore By Outrigger 7.6 Good Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Waikiki Shore by Outrigger is within a 10-minute drive of the Honolulu Museum of Art and offers public parking on site. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk 8.7 Excellent 201 Beachwalk Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk provides tranquil 4-star accommodation in Honolulu. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a heated pool, a sun deck and a Jacuzzi. C$ 489 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Halekulani 9.3 Excellent 2199 Kalia Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Halekulani provides stylish, 5-star accommodation close to Spahalekulani. Guests can also expect luxury as the resort features a rooftop terrace, a heated pool, a limousine service and views of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. C$ 953 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 2023 Kalia Road, Waikiki, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 611 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 81 verified guest reviews 9.4Couples 8.3Families 10.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date T 9.1 Excellent Tania, Feb. 2020 great property … terrific location Photos of Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Other (11) Beach (6) Balcony (5) Where is Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.4 km Kuhio Beach Park1.0 km Honolulu Zoo1.7 km FAQs when booking at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort How close is Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? There are 10.9 km between the closest airport, Honolulu Airport, and Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 08m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 58/day and parking it at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Honolulu. Is there a pool at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort using any means of transportation. What is the Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 808 923 3111. Does Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort, Honolulu? Usually Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort room prices are around C$ 456/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 246/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort? Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort from Diamond Head State Monument? You can walk to Diamond Head State Monument while staying at Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort - you’ll be about 3.4 km away. Is Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort close to Honolulu Museum of Art? Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Honolulu Museum of Art, which is 3.3 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
