https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/OYO_London_24_Sussex.htm
OYO London 24 Sussex, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 OYO London 24 Sussex OYO London 24 Sussex Hotel 24 Sussex Gardens, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 454 reviews 6.6 C$ 87 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for OYO London 24 Sussex Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About OYO London 24 Sussex Situated under a 10-minute walk from Lancaster Gate Tube Station, OYO London 24 Sussex provides guests with a convenient base when in London. It provides luggage storage and free Wi-Fi, and is a short... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.6 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport London Biggin Hill Distance to airport 25.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 208 089 8579 All policies Amenities at OYO London 24 Sussex Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Daily housekeeping Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to OYO London 24 Sussex Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to OYO London 24 Sussex Hilton London Metropole 7.1 Good 225 Edgware Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hilton London Metropole is set in London and is a short walk from Paddington Railway Station. It also features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Griffin House Hotel 6.5 Good 10 Connaught Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This affordable hotel is located in Westminster, just a five-minute walk from Edgware Road. It is situated a short walk from the Marble Arch. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton London Paddington 7.3 Good 146 Praed Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in London, Hilton London Paddington is a short drive from Buckingham Palace and Big Ben. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Marble Arch Inn 6.9 Good 49/50 Upper Berkeley Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Marble Arch Inn offers modern accommodation in London and is within walking distance of Marble Arch Tube Station. It is situated a short stroll from the Marble Arch and Oxford Street. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for OYO London 24 Sussex 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 454 verified guest reviews 6.9Friends 6.6Solo 6.8Families 6.3Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of OYO London 24 Sussex All photos (44) Bedroom (23) Bathroom (9) Building (2) Front desk (2) Where is OYO London 24 Sussex Most Popular Landmarks Hyde Park1.2 km Kensington Gardens1.4 km Oxford Circus1.9 km Harrods2.1 km Piccadilly Circus2.5 km Buckingham Palace2.6 km Getting Around London Paddington0.6 km London Marylebone0.7 km London Hyde Park0.7 km London Baker Street (Gloucester Place)0.8 km London Portman Square0.8 km London Marble Arch0.9 km FAQs when booking at OYO London 24 Sussex Is pricing at OYO London 24 Sussex comparable to 3 star hotels in London? OYO London 24 Sussex is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in London. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 306 per night in London. OYO London 24 Sussex will run you C$ 172 per night, which is 58% cheaper than the London average. How close is OYO London 24 Sussex to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 20.6 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to OYO London 24 Sussex. The average expected drive time from OYO London 24 Sussex to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to OYO London 24 Sussex? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is OYO London 24 Sussex from the London city center? The center of Paddington, London, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of OYO London 24 Sussex. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tower Bridge, which you can get to from OYO London 24 Sussex using any means of transportation. What is the OYO London 24 Sussex phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 208 089 8579 to talk to a OYO London 24 Sussex front desk representative. Does OYO London 24 Sussex have Wi-Fi available? Yes, OYO London 24 Sussex has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at OYO London 24 Sussex? The standard check-out time at OYO London 24 Sussex is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at OYO London 24 Sussex, London? Usually OYO London 24 Sussex room prices are around C$ 172/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 65/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at OYO London 24 Sussex? Yes, food can be ordered from the OYO London 24 Sussex restaurant. Opening times may vary. How far is OYO London 24 Sussex from Hyde Park? Hyde Park in London is 1.2 km away from OYO London 24 Sussex. Is OYO London 24 Sussex close to Nobu Portman Square? OYO London 24 Sussex is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Nobu Portman Square, which is 0.8 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 OYO London 24 Sussex Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
