https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/OYO_Hotel_And_Casino_Las_Vegas.htm
OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Hotel 115 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 6,036 reviews 6.4 C$ 78 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Situated in Las Vegas, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has direct access to McCarran International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. T... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.7 km Rating 6.4 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 739 9000 All policies Amenities at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible parking First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Ice maker Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Children's high chair City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Golf Bingo Evening entertainment Fitness centre Karaoke Pay-per-view channels Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Rose Resort 8.9 Excellent 5051 Duke Ellington Way, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, Desert Rose Resort Las Vegas provides direct access to McCarran International Airport and features a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals MGM Grand Hotel and Casino 7.5 Good 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a lazy river and private poolside cabanas, MGM Grand is ideal for entertainment-seeking guests as it provides nightly performances in the Garden Arena. Only a five-minute walk from MGM Grand Monorail Station, the hotel's convenient setting means it is an ideal place to stay while in Las Vegas. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort 6.8 Good 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Established in 1957 and situated in Las Vegas, the resort offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Las Vegas Strip. Just minutes from McCarran International Airport, it provides a trendy overnight stay in a convenient location. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.4 OkayBased on 6,036 verified guest reviews 6.3Friends 6.6Solo 6.4Families 6.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 5.0 Passable Anonymous, Mar. 2020 experience was not to good. bathroom wasn’t clean. Faucets were dirty, around the floor filthy. Restaurant Steak n Shake was horribly dirty. the wall in our booth was sticky and greasy. Food was not up to par. Horrible. B 5.0 Passable Brittany, Mar. 2018 extremely dirty room, disappointing P 6.7 Okay Paul , Feb. 2018 O.K , rooms were fine carpets in the hallway smell. B 5.5 Passable Ben, Oct. 2017 Very average, checked in at 12.30pm and was charged $20-40 for early check in. Room service was shocking, cold and couldn't eat it. Staff were not helpful at all when it come to laundry, the first hotel I've been to where you need to take your laundry and pick it up from reception while paying highly inflated prices for it. Being told four different time frames in which I'll receive my laundry back (dropped off at 11am received it the following day at 8.45pm). The rooms were clean, but very basic and a little run down. I wouldn't stay here again. Photos of OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas All photos (51) Bedroom (11) Restaurant (6) Bathroom (5) Outdoors view (5) Where is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Most Popular Landmarks MGM Grand Garden Arena0.5 km Crystals at City Center1.0 km T-Mobile Arena1.0 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.4 km Fountains of Bellagio1.5 km High Roller1.9 km Getting Around Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio0.3 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel0.3 km Las Vegas Excalibur0.7 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.6 km Las Vegas Greyhound North11.8 km Las Vegas Lds Temple15.7 km FAQs when booking at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas How close is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 2.3 km drive between OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas and Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? Yes, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas from the Las Vegas city center? OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas is just 1.6 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas phone number? For questions about OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 739 9000. Does OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas have Wi-Fi available? Yes, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas, Las Vegas? Usually OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas room prices are around C$ 106/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 10/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? There is a restaurant located in OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas from Fountains of Bellagio? The popular Fountains of Bellagio is just over 1.5 km from OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 2.2 km from OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
