https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pagoda_Hotel.htm
Pagoda Hotel, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Pagoda Hotel Pagoda Hotel Hotel 1525 Rycroft Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 962 reviews 7.3 C$ 218 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pagoda Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Pagoda Hotel Situated in Downtown Honolulu, Pagoda Hotel is a short walk to several local attractions, including Ala Moana Center. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. There are a variety of amenit... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 9.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 941 6611 All policies Amenities at Pagoda Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Safety deposit box Towels Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Microwave Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Ice maker Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails Safe Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Pool with a view Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Books, DVDs, music for children Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Pagoda Hotel Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Pagoda Hotel Ala Moana Hotel by Mantra 7.9 Good 410 Atkinson Drive, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Honolulu. It also offers a sauna, free internet access in all areas and an outdoor pool. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Lsi Resorts At Ala Moana 5.8 Okay 410 Atkinson Drive, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3.5-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Honolulu. It also provides an outdoor pool, a sauna and valet parking. C$ 271 Avg. per night View Deals Prince Waikiki 8.9 Excellent 100 Holomoana Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Set in Honolulu, Prince Waikiki is a five-minute walk from Waikiki Beach and offers outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. The various amenities this modern resort features include valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage services. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Ewa Hotel Waikiki 7.1 Good 2555 Cartwright Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Ewa Hotel Waikiki is located in Honolulu and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also offers a rooftop terrace, plus views of the ocean. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pagoda Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 962 verified guest reviews 7.1Couples 7.3Solo 7.4Families 7.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pagoda Hotel All photos (40) Bedroom (11) Building (6) Pool (6) Room amenity (5) Where is Pagoda Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach2.4 km Kuhio Beach Park3.0 km Honolulu Zoo3.6 km FAQs when booking at Pagoda Hotel How close is Pagoda Hotel to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? With no traffic, the 9.3 km drive between Pagoda Hotel and Honolulu Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 07m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Pagoda Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Pagoda Hotel? Yes, Pagoda Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Pagoda Hotel from the Honolulu city center? The center of Ala Moana, Honolulu, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of Pagoda Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Pagoda Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Pagoda Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 808 941 6611 to talk to a Pagoda Hotel front desk representative. Does Pagoda Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pagoda Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Pagoda Hotel? The standard check-out time at Pagoda Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Pagoda Hotel, Honolulu? A good deal at Pagoda Hotel right now is between C$ 107 and C$ 198 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Pagoda Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Pagoda Hotel, Honolulu. Does Pagoda Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Pagoda Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Pagoda Hotel from Honolulu Museum of Art? Pagoda Hotel is about 1.3 km from Honolulu Museum of Art, one of Honolulu’s most popular landmarks. Is Pagoda Hotel close to Fort DeRussy? Pagoda Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Fort DeRussy, which is 2 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Pagoda Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
