https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Palace_Japan.htm
Palace Japan, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,252 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Palace Japan Palace Japan Hotel 2-31-6, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 8 reviews 8.3 C$ 33 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Palace Japan Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Palace Japan Hotel Palace Japan is located in Tokyo and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, laundry facilities and a designated smoking area. There are a variety of faciliti... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.9 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 53.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 364 581 540 All policies Amenities at Palace Japan Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Hairdryer Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Microwave Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Kitchen Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available DVD player Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Palace Japan Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 468 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.4 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 391 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.8 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Palace Japan Hotel Sails 9.0 Excellent Minowa1-2-7, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel SAILS is set in Tokyo and is a short walk from Omokagebashi Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a Jacuzzi. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals The Sorapia Tokyo 5-11-11 Mukouijima, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' walk from Tokyo Skytree Railway Station, the hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Tokyo. It offers laundry facilities and a lift, and is a short stroll from Mukojima-Hyakkaen Garden. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Asakusa View Hotel 8.5 Excellent 3-17-1 Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Set in Taito, this modern hotel provides a coffee bar, an indoor pool and massage services. It is moments from Hanayashiki, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Keihan Asakusa 8.0 Excellent 2-12-4 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel This hotel is set in Taito, a quick walk from Hanayashiki. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Asakusa Station. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,140 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Palace Japan 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 8 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Palace Japan All photos (28) Bathroom (5) Bedroom (4) Dining room (4) Building (3) Where is Palace Japan Most Popular Landmarks Senso-ji1.5 km Asakusa Jinja1.5 km Yoyogi Koen11.4 km Ueno Koen2.8 km Akihabara Electric Town4.1 km Tokyo Dome5.0 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal10.0 km Tokyo Shinagawa12.4 km Tokyo Ueno2.7 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.5 km Tokyo6.0 km Tokyo6.1 km FAQs when booking at Palace Japan Is pricing at Palace Japan comparable to 2 star hotels in Tokyo? Nightly rates at Palace Japan will generally be 68% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Tokyo. When staying at Palace Japan, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 44/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Tokyo for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Palace Japan to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With a distance of 19.9 km between Palace Japan and the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 15m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Palace Japan? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Palace Japan from the Tokyo city center? Palace Japan is just 1.3 km away from the center of Asakusa, Tokyo. From Palace Japan you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tokyo Dome. What is the Palace Japan phone number? The best way to contact Palace Japan is by calling +81 364 581 540. Does Palace Japan have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Palace Japan has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Palace Japan? Palace Japan check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Palace Japan, Tokyo? Prices at Palace Japan will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 44, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 21. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Palace Japan have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Palace Japan, Tokyo. How far is Palace Japan from Asakusa Jinja? The popular Asakusa Jinja is just over 1.5 km from Palace Japan. Home Japan Hotels 74,252 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Palace Japan Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
