https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Palace_Station_Hotel_Casino.htm
Palace Station Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Palace Station Hotel & Casino Palace Station Hotel & Casino Hotel 2411 West Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 108 reviews 8.1 C$ 90 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Palace Station Hotel & Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Palace Station Hotel & Casino This relaxed hotel in Las Vegas provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as an outdoor pool and a private cinema. It also features a Jacuzzi and unique views of Las Vegas Strip. This... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.9 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 6.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 367 2411 All policies Amenities at Palace Station Hotel & Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Free valet parking Computer use available ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Cribs available Gift shop EV charging station Elevator Room service Jacuzzi Iron and ironing board Accessible parking Outdoor pool Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Ice maker Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Safe Brailled elevators Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Smoking rooms available Storage available Show more Activities Casino Bingo Fitness centre Cinema Services Conference rooms Business secretarial services Wedding services A/V equipment rental Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Palace Station Hotel & Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Palace Station Hotel & Casino Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas 5.9 Okay 2830 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and offers a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park 6.4 Good 2880 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Showcasing an indoor theme park with a double-corkscrew roller coaster and circus-themed acts, Circus Circus Hotel Casino & Theme Park is an exciting place to stay and features 4 casinos that are open 24/7. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 3-star rooms and a sports bar. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals SAHARA Las Vegas 7.7 Good 2535 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Set in a 20th-century building in Las Vegas, SAHARA Las Vegas combines an old-world feel with modern amenities, including an outdoor pool. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features comfortable 4-star rooms and a bar. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 2000 Fashion Show Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Ideally located in Las Vegas, Trump International Hotel Las Vegas offers modern accommodation an easy drive from Sands Expo and Convention Center. Some of the popular features on offer at this luxury 5-star hotel are a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Palace Station Hotel & Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 108 verified guest reviews 7.0Solo 6.8Families 7.7Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date G 10.0 Excellent gary, May 2017 always good....thats why I always stay there the most of my trip Photos of Palace Station Hotel & Casino All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Living room (8) Restaurant (6) Bathroom (5) Where is Palace Station Hotel & Casino Most Popular Landmarks Stratosphere Tower1.8 km Sam's Town10.7 km TPC Summerlin12.7 km High Roller2.9 km World Market Center3.2 km Fountains of Bellagio3.4 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall1.7 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd12.8 km Las Vegas Lds Temple14.4 km Las Vegas Westgate Hotel2.3 km Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza2.7 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd2.7 km FAQs when booking at Palace Station Hotel & Casino Is pricing at Palace Station Hotel & Casino comparable to 4 star hotels in Las Vegas? Hotels in Las Vegas that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 169/night, but on average, Palace Station Hotel & Casino is available for 34% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Palace Station Hotel & Casino for C$ 149/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Las Vegas. How close is Palace Station Hotel & Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? There are 6.8 km between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Palace Station Hotel & Casino. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 05m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Palace Station Hotel & Casino? Palace Station Hotel & Casino has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Palace Station Hotel & Casino? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Las Vegas often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Palace Station Hotel & Casino for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Palace Station Hotel & Casino from the Las Vegas city center? Palace Station Hotel & Casino is 1.7 km away from the center of Rancho Oakey, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Thomas and Mack Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Palace Station Hotel & Casino by various forms of transportation. What is the Palace Station Hotel & Casino phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 702 367 2411. Does Palace Station Hotel & Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Palace Station Hotel & Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Palace Station Hotel & Casino? Yes. You should consider staying at Palace Station Hotel & Casino if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Palace Station Hotel & Casino? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Palace Station Hotel & Casino. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Palace Station Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas? Prices at Palace Station Hotel & Casino will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 149, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 8. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Palace Station Hotel & Casino? Yes, food can be ordered from the Palace Station Hotel & Casino restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Palace Station Hotel & Casino have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Palace Station Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Palace Station Hotel & Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? Palace Station Hotel & Casino is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 3.4 km away. Is Palace Station Hotel & Casino close to Colosseum at Caesars Palace? Walking distance - there’s 2.8 km between Colosseum at Caesars Palace and Palace Station Hotel & Casino. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Palace Station Hotel & Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
