https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Palma-vacation-rentals.htm
Palma de Mallorca, Spain Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Palma de Mallorca, Spain Search and compare Palma de Mallorca, Spain vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Balearic Islands Hotels 35,619 Mallorca Hotels 26,642 Palma de Mallorca Hotels 1,023 Palma de Mallorca Vacation Rentals 676 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Palma de Mallorca Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Apartamentos Sol y Vera 8.3 Excellent Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 476 reviews 8.3 Just a 10-minute walk from Magaluf, this property offers a rooftop terrace, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It is moments from Katmandu Park and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. View Deals Apartamentos HSM Torrenova Playa 8.7 Excellent Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 501 reviews 8.7 Located in Magaluf, HSM Sandalo Beach provides modern 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. It offers a gym, as well as billiards and miniature golf. View Deals Apartaments Delfin 9.5 Excellent Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 296 reviews 9.5 Located in Palma de Mallorca, Apartaments Delfin is within a 10-minute drive of Son Sant Joan Airport and provides a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. View Deals Apartamentos Europa 6.9 Good Sa Coma, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Sa Coma, Mallorca, Spain GoodBased on 348 reviews 6.9 Featuring an outdoor pool, Apartamentos Europa is situated in Sa Coma and offers comfortable accommodation. It is conveniently located for those wishing to sightsee in the area. View Deals Magalluf Strip Apartment Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Magalluf Strip Apartment is a modern property located a short car ride from Palma Nova. Just a short stroll from Katmandu Park, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator, a sofa bed and wireless internet access. View Deals Apartamentos Balear Beach 7.6 Good Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain GoodBased on 108 reviews 7.6 Featuring a private beach, this comfortable property is an easy car trip from Palma Nova. It is ideally located for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. View Deals Mallorca Suites - Turismo De Interior 8.9 Excellent Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 901 reviews 8.9 Mallorca Suites - Turismo de Interior provides a comfortable setting while in Palma de Mallorca. It is close to Palma Cathedral, eateries and shops. View Deals Apartamentos Ponent 9.0 Excellent Peguera, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Peguera, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 563 reviews 9.0 Boasting an outdoor pool, Apartamentos Ponent is situated in Paguera and offers comfortable accommodation. It provides private parking on site and is ideally set for sightseeing, with Serra de Tramuntana and The Pirates Adventure an easy drive away. View Deals L´Aguila Suites - Turismo de Interior 9.2 Excellent Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 125 reviews 9.2 L'Aguila Suites - Turismo de Interior is set in Palma de Mallorca and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Palma Cathedral and Royal Palace of La Almudaina. It is ideally located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Apartamentos Llevant 8.3 Excellent Port de Pollença, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Port de Pollença, Mallorca, Spain ExcellentBased on 211 reviews 8.3 Conveniently situated and providing an outdoor pool, this comfortable property is an easy drive from Alcudia. It features comfortable apartments with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. View Deals All 1,023 vacation rentals in Palma de Mallorca Tips for booking vacation rentals in Palma de Mallorca Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: August Average price in Palma de Mallorca: C$ 102/night Cheapest price found: C$ 27/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 58 - C$ 160 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 64 - C$ 84 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Show all 1,023 hotels 1 Sun Beach 8.3 Excellent Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Sun Beach Costa de la Calma is located in Costa de la Calma and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a sun deck, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. View Deals 2 Apartamentos Playas Cas Saboners 8.6 Excellent Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, Playas Ca's Saboners is located in Palma Nova and offers comfortable accommodation. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. View Deals 3 Apartamentos Vistasol 7.5 Good Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Providing a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna, this modern property is a short car trip from Palma Nova. Its premium amenities include a Turkish steam bath and a fitness centre. View Deals 4 Las Palomas Apartments Econotels 7.4 Good Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Located in Palma Nova, Las Palomas Apartments Econotels is within a 25-minute drive of Son Sant Joan Airport and provides a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. View Deals 5 Globales Verdemar 7.9 Good Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Located in Costa de la Calma, Globales Verdemar is within a 30-minute drive of Son Sant Joan Airport and provides an outdoor pool and a rooftop terrace. The numerous facilities this stylish property has to offer include a sun deck, a kids pool and a playground. View Deals 6 Pierre & Vacances Mallorca Deya 6.5 Good Calle Ramon De Moncada 27, Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Pierre & Vacances Mallorca Deya provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and an outdoor pool. It is also steps from Costa de la Calma's popular tourist spots. View Deals 7 Alper Apartments Mallorca 7.5 Good Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Located in Palma Nova, Alper Apartments Mallorca is within a 25-minute drive of Son Sant Joan Airport and offers a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. View Deals 8 Apartamentos Martha's 7.5 Good Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Palma Nova, Mallorca, Spain Conveniently based and offering a swimming pool, an outdoor pool and a rooftop terrace, this modern property is located an easy drive from Palma de Mallorca. It is also moments from Palma Nova's well-known tourist spots. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Palma de Mallorca, Spain Show all 1,023 hotels Holiday Park Santa Ponsa Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Santa Ponsa, Mallorca, Spain Holiday Park Santa Ponsa is a modern and traditional property located a short drive from Santa Ponsa. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and a kids pool. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Arcos Playa Apts 6.2 Good S'Illot, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, S'Illot, Mallorca, Spain Boasting an outdoor pool, Apartments Arcos Playa is located in Manacor and offers comfortable accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Embat 7.9 Good Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain Apartamentos Embat is located in Palma de Mallorca and is close to Bay Of Palma. The various facilities this modern property offers include room service, laundry facilities and a car rental desk. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Bh Mallorca Apartments - Adults Only Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Magaluf, Mallorca, Spain Located in Magaluf, BH Mallorca Apartments is within a 30-minute drive of Son Sant Joan Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a bowling alley. A short stroll from Lollipops Childrens Party Venue and Adventure Play Area, it provides comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator, free wireless internet access and a kitchen. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos HSM Lago Park 8.2 Excellent Can Picafort, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Can Picafort, Mallorca, Spain Offering a swimming pool and an outdoor pool, this cosy property is a short drive from Puerto de Alcudia. It is also steps from Muro's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Ferrer Tamarindos 8.3 Excellent Alcúdia, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Alcúdia, Mallorca, Spain Conveniently situated and offering an outdoor pool, this cosy property is located within easy driving distance of Alcudia. It features comfortable apartments with a private bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Sol Cala d'Or Apartamentos 7.9 Good Cala d'Or, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Cala d'Or, Mallorca, Spain Located in Cala d'Or, Sol Cala d'Or Apartamentos is within walking distance of The Dubliner and provides an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. The numerous amenities this contemporary property offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, a kids club and a kids pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Stil Mar Y Paz Isabel Garau 2, Can Picafort, Mallorca, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Can Picafort, Mallorca, Spain Opened in 1967, Stil Mar Y Paz is set in Santa Margalida and provides free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Where to stay in Palma de Mallorca Vacation rentals in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Show more Hotels in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Lloret de Mar Show more Hotels in popular Palma de Mallorca neighbourhoods El Molinar, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Santa Catalina, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Playa de Palma, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Cala Major, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals La Bonanova, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Les Meravelles, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Centre, Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals Facts about staying in Palma de Mallorca How much does a vacation rental in Palma de Mallorca cost? Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals are C$ 103/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, December is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Palma de Mallorca, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 28/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 73/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Palma de Mallorca vacation rental? Apartamentos Playas Cas Saboners has a 8.6 rating from 622 users, making it the best Palma de Mallorca vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Palma de Mallorca Son Sant Joan Airport? It’s only 2.0 km from Palma de Mallorca Son Sant Joan Airport to Apartaments Delfin (the nearest Palma de Mallorca vacation rental to the airport). What part of Palma de Mallorca is best to stay in? Playa de Palma is the best part of Palma de Mallorca to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals, 98% of them looked for stays in the Playa de Palma neighbourhood in the last year. The Apartamentos Embat happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Playa de Palma neighbourhood of Palma de Mallorca. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Palma de Mallorca near Playa de Cala Mayor? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Playa de Cala Mayor while in Palma de Mallorca, then the most popular is Apartamentos Martha's with a 7.5/10 review score from 360 users. The distance from Playa de Cala Mayor to Apartamentos Martha's is 6.1 km. Are there Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals with “pool” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 17 Palma de Mallorca vacation rentals mention “pool” under their list of amenities. The Pierre & Vacances Mallorca Deya is the most popular vacation rental in Palma de Mallorca that features this amenity. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Palma de Mallorca? Yes, there are 54 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Palma de Mallorca. According to our data, Aparthotel Fontanellas Playa is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Balearic Islands Hotels 35,619 Mallorca Hotels 26,642 Palma de Mallorca Hotels 1,023 Palma de Mallorca Vacation Rentals 676 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
