https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pan_Pacific_Vancouver.htm
Pan Pacific Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Pan Pacific Vancouver Pan Pacific Vancouver Hotel 999 Canada Pl, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,888 reviews 8.3 C$ 292 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pan Pacific Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Pan Pacific Vancouver Ideally located in Vancouver, Pan Pacific Vancouver is a short walk from Cruise Ship Terminal and provides free internet access. Guests also have exclusive access to the Spa Utopia and Fitness Club. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 662 8111 All policies Amenities at Pan Pacific Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Executive lounge access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers Additional bathroom Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Evening entertainment Fitness centre Massage Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pan Pacific Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 381 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Pan Pacific Vancouver Fairmont Waterfront 8.3 Excellent 900 Canada Place Way, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, The Fairmont Waterfront is only a five-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal. Located in the city centre, the hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's popular tourist hot spots. C$ 311 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Vancouver Hotel 8.7 Excellent 837 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in the heart of Vancouver, Auberge Vancouver Hotel is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. This unique hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal, Fairmont Pacific Rim provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. This luxury hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 484 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 6.5 Good 921 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown is located conveniently in Vancouver and is within walking distance of Waterfront Station. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pan Pacific Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,888 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.2Families 8.3Couples 8.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pan Pacific Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (19) Living room (13) Other (8) Bathroom (6) Where is Pan Pacific Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Waterfront Centre0.1 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km BC Place Stadium1.2 km Rogers Arena1.2 km TELUS World of Science1.7 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.8 km Getting Around Vancouver Waterfront Station0.3 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.6 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.0 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.1 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.3 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.3 km FAQs when booking at Pan Pacific Vancouver Is pricing at Pan Pacific Vancouver comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? In Vancouver, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 333. The expected nightly rate for Pan Pacific Vancouver is around C$ 333; a price that is 25% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Pan Pacific Vancouver to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Vancouver. How close is Pan Pacific Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? There are 0.3 km between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Pan Pacific Vancouver. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Pan Pacific Vancouver? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Pan Pacific Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Pan Pacific Vancouver is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Pan Pacific Vancouver. Is there a pool at Pan Pacific Vancouver? Yes, Pan Pacific Vancouver has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Pan Pacific Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Pan Pacific Vancouver is 0.7 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Pan Pacific Vancouver by various forms of transportation. What is the Pan Pacific Vancouver phone number? You can reach the front desk of Pan Pacific Vancouver at +1 604 662 8111. Does Pan Pacific Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pan Pacific Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pan Pacific Vancouver? Yes. You should consider staying at Pan Pacific Vancouver if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Pan Pacific Vancouver? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Pan Pacific Vancouver. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Pan Pacific Vancouver, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 333 per night to stay at Pan Pacific Vancouver. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 170 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Pan Pacific Vancouver? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Pan Pacific Vancouver for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Pan Pacific Vancouver have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Pan Pacific Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? Pan Pacific Vancouver is a good place to stay to see TELUS World of Science. It’s 1.7 km away. Is Pan Pacific Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? Walking distance - there’s 1.2 km between Rogers Arena and Pan Pacific Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Pan Pacific Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
