https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pan_Pacific_Whistler_Village_Centre.htm
Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Hotel 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 522 reviews 8.9 C$ 266 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler D... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 966 5500 All policies Amenities at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Shared toilet Jacuzzi Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Adapted bath Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Ice maker Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Board games/puzzles Golf Cycling Skiing Horse riding Pay-per-view channels Hiking Massage Services Business secretarial services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available Spa Key access 24-hour security Ski shuttle Ski storage Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites 8.1 Excellent 4308 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Retreat to the mountains of Canada, where your adventure begins at Delta Hotels Whistler Village Suites. Located in the heart of Whistler Village, BC our hotel places you near the area's top attractions, including boutiques, dining, ski slopes and bike trails. Take advantage of our heated indoor / outdoor pool and 24-hour fitness centre. End your night in Whistler at Hy's Steakhouse, our signature hotel restaurant that offers delicious cuisine and handcrafted cocktails. Relax and reset in spacious pet-friendly hotel suites that include full kitchens, fireplaces, flat-panel TVs, free Wi-Fi and plush bedding. Nearby, plan a conference at Whistler Convention Centre. Regardless of the season, experience an exceptional getaway to Canada at Delta Hotels Whistler Village Suites. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Whistler Peak Lodge 7.8 Good 4295 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, the hotel is within walking distance of Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and provides free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It offers a gym, as well as horse riding, miniature golf and snow sports. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Village Inn And Suites 7.7 Good 4429 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Mountainside Lodge 8.8 Excellent 4417 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Mountainside Lodge - A Shell Vacations Resort is situated in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers babysitting/child services, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Blackcomb Lodge 7.3 Good 4220 Gateway Drive, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Blackcomb Lodge is situated in Whistler and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals Alpine Lodge Whistler 10.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Alpine Lodge Whistler is located in Whistler and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features room service, a sauna and massage services. C$ 3,200 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 522 verified guest reviews 9.0Couples 9.0Friends 8.7Families 8.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre All photos (36) Other (7) Living room (5) Bedroom (4) Building (4) Where is Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.5 km Whistler Marketplace0.5 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.2 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.5 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.4 km FAQs when booking at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Is pricing at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre comparable to 4 star hotels in Whistler? Hotels in Whistler that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 893/night, but on average, Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is available for 36% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre for C$ 771/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Whistler. Is Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre during their stay. Is there a pool at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre? Yes, Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre phone number? For questions about Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 966 5500. Does Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre, Whistler? A good deal at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre right now is between C$ 177 and C$ 771 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre? Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
