https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Panda_Hotel.htm
Panda Hotel, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Panda Hotel Panda Hotel Hotel 3 Tsuen Wah Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 1,397 reviews 7.4 C$ 75 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Panda Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Panda Hotel Located in Tsuen Wan New Town, Panda Hotel is five minutes from Tsuen Wan City Landmark. Those staying at the property have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. This stylish hotel offers a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.0 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 21.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2409 1111 All policies Amenities at Panda Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Game room Fitness centre Indoor play area Table tennis Playground Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club 24-hour security Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Panda Hotel Top Hong Kong hotels Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Explore the contemporary Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East. The spectacular Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is an international hotel located atop Tseung Kwan O MTR Station and PopCorn Shopping Mall, providing an easy starting point to travel freely around the city. The hotel is located in Kowloon and just 20 minutes to Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). If in a leisurely mood, visit Sai Kung town for a fresh seafood lunch overlooking the beautiful South China Sea. All 359 guest rooms offers excellent city views, dining choices range from the all day dining buffet restaurant to Cantonese dining and a roof-top steakhouse and bar. Hi-tech connectivity makes it easy to stay in touch with business associates, friends and family. Fitness Center and a soothing spa featuring seven private treatment rooms will make you feel rejuvenated and restored. Enjoy a 25-meter outdoor swimming pool. Enjoy seamless service in one of Hong Kong’s largest, well equipped Grand Ballroom; it can accommodate 1000 guests with an energy that inspires success and is the ideal place for weddings. Be it for work, shopping or holiday, make Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East your first choice in Hong Kong. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Panda Hotel Silka Far East Hotel 5.0 Okay 135-143 Castle Peak Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This modern hotel is in Tsuen Wan New Town, only a short stroll to Tsuen Wan City Landmark. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Nina Hotel Tsuen Wan West (Formerly L'hotel Nina et Convention Centre) 7.6 Good 8 Yeung Uk Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Showcasing innovative architecture such as a glass-bottom sky bridge connecting accommodation towers, Nina Hotel Tsuen Wan West Formerly L'hotel Nina et Convention Centre provides a modern base for those visiting Tsuen Wan New Town. It is steps from Nina Towers. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Dorsett Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong 7.1 Good 28 Kin Chuen Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Dorsett Tsuen Wan Hong Kong offers 4-star accommodation, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. The various amenities this trendy hotel features include facial treatments, an executive floor and body treatments. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is within a 10-minute walk of Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground and features an outdoor pool. It provides city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Panda Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 1,402 verified guest reviews 7.4Families 7.4Friends 7.4Solo 7.3Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date L 8.1 Great Liew , Oct. 2018 efficient workers there, diligent. A 7.9 Good Anonymous, May 2018 Overall good experience, good location and spacious room. Shower was a bit old but ok. C 7.0 Good Chin G, Dec. 2017 Room is small as per HK standard. Additional bed is not too comfortable. However, most of the time is out, so is ok. Comfortable stay. V 8.5 Great Victoria, Nov. 2017 Room is clean. Photos of Panda Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (16) Other (7) Bathroom (4) Gym (4) Where is Panda Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Hong Kong Disneyland10.2 km Soho10.3 km Lan Kwai Fong10.4 km Hong Kong Central Hospital10.6 km Kowloon Bay Shopping Area10.8 km Times Square11.9 km Getting Around Hong Kong Cz10.8 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan2.2 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station8.8 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station9.8 km FAQs when booking at Panda Hotel Is pricing at Panda Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Hong Kong? The average rate for a night at Panda Hotel is 24% less than the Hong Kong average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Panda Hotel is typically C$ 129, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Hong Kong. Is there a pool at Panda Hotel? Yes, Panda Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Panda Hotel from the Hong Kong city center? Panda Hotel is just 0.7 km away from the center of Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong. From Panda Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ocean Park. What is the Panda Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +852 2409 1111. Does Panda Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Panda Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Panda Hotel? Panda Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Panda Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Panda Hotel, Hong Kong? Panda Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 129/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 43/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Panda Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Panda Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Panda Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Panda Hotel. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Panda Hotel from Nina Towers? Panda Hotel is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from Nina Towers, Hong Kong. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Panda Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
