https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pangea_Pod_Hotel.htm
Pangea Pod Hotel, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Pangea Pod Hotel Pangea Pod Hotel Hotel 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 667 reviews 8.3 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pangea Pod Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pangea Pod Hotel Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 962 1011 All policies Amenities at Pangea Pod Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Quiet street view Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Adults only Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Packed lunches Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Night club Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Board games/puzzles Game room Golf Cycling Skiing Evening entertainment Karaoke Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Pangea Pod Hotel Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Pangea Pod Hotel Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive 7.8 Good 4250 Village Stroll, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, shops and restaurants, Mountain Side Hotel Whistler by Executive is ideal for those wanting to discover Whistler and its surroundings. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Lodge 8.5 Excellent 4154 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The Crystal Lodge is a unique base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this charming resort features include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Inn Whistler 7.4 Good 4250 Village Stroll, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Whistler, Executive Inn Whistler provides 3-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a swimming pool. It also features a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Adara Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4122 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Adara Hotel is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an outdoor pool, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub 8.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub provides a comfortable setting when in Whistler. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pangea Pod Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 667 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 7.8Couples 8.5Friends 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pangea Pod Hotel All photos (21) Other (7) Bar (2) Bathroom (2) Restaurant (2) Where is Pangea Pod Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.3 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Whistler Marketplace0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.1 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.3 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.3 km FAQs when booking at Pangea Pod Hotel Is pricing at Pangea Pod Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Whistler? Pangea Pod Hotel is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Whistler. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 183 per night in Whistler. Pangea Pod Hotel will run you C$ 241 per night, which is 2% cheaper than the Whistler average. What is the Pangea Pod Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Pangea Pod Hotel please call +1 604 962 1011. Does Pangea Pod Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pangea Pod Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Pangea Pod Hotel? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Pangea Pod Hotel, Whistler? C$ 63 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Pangea Pod Hotel, with average deals around C$ 241 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Pangea Pod Hotel? Pangea Pod Hotel does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Pangea Pod Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Pangea Pod Hotel. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Pangea Pod Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
