https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Panorama_Hotel_Bur_Dubai.htm
Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Hotel Po Box 14703, Al Mankhool Road, Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 204 reviews 6.0 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Located a short stroll from Burjuman (Dubai Metro), Panorama Bur Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when in Dubai. The numerous facilities this modern hotel has to offer include 24-hour room ser... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.7 km Rating 6.0 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 7.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4351 8518 All policies Amenities at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Shower cap Shower chair Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed No smoking Baby safety gates Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Coffee shop Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Storage available Show more Activities Massage Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Omega Hotel Dubai 7.5 Good Al Mankhool Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Omega Hotel Dubai provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a swimming pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Hotels Bur Dubai 7.5 Good Rolla Street 15710, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a sauna and a rooftop pool, Imperial Suites Hotel Dubai is located in Dubai and provides modern accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Dubai Creek and Burjuman. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Downtown Dubai 8.5 Excellent Mankhool Road, 4C Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a rooftop pool. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Golden Sands Hotel Apartments 7.8 Good Al Mankhool Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Golden Sands Hotel Apartments offers modern 3.5-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.0 OkayBased on 205 verified guest reviews 5.2Solo 6.5Couples 6.7Friends 6.3Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date F 10.0 Excellent faisalputhukkidi, Aug. 2018 Nice,Hotel Good staffs All Good manners very very Good Photos of Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel All photos (1) Building (1) Where is Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Dubai Museum1.0 km Al Karama1.3 km Dubai Gold Souk1.9 km Meydan Racecourse10.6 km Gold Souq2.1 km Al Ghurair Centre2.8 km Getting Around Dubai Np0.1 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station1.4 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus2.8 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station24.5 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach25.0 km FAQs when booking at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Is pricing at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel will generally be 28% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 107/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? There are 7.1 km between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 05m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. How close is Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel from the Dubai city center? Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel is 2.2 km away from the center of Al Mina, Dubai. Consider visiting Ibn Battuta Mall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel phone number? For questions about Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4351 8518. Does Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel? The standard check-out time at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel, Dubai? Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 107/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 55/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel from Gold Souq? The popular Gold Souq is just over 2.1 km from Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,292 Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
