https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Park_Central_Hotel.htm
Park Central Hotel New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Park Central Hotel New York Park Central Hotel New York Hotel 870 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 2,716 reviews 7.6 C$ 203 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Park Central Hotel New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Park Central Hotel New York Located in New York City, Park Central Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 247 8000 All policies Amenities at Park Central Hotel New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Snack bar Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine Conditioner Valet parking Desk Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business secretarial services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Park Central Hotel New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Park Central Hotel New York Wellington Hotel 871 Seventh Ave, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Wellington Hotel New York City in Manhattan was built in 1910 and was recently refurbished. It is situated a brief stroll from Broadway, The Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Midtown 7.5 Good 210 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Dream Midtown is just moments from the New York City Center. It is 10 minutes on foot from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art, and showcases views of New York City and Times Square. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad New York Midtown 8.4 Excellent 151 W 54th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, Conrad New York Midtown offers luxury accommodation with state-of-the-art amenities. It is moments from the New York City Center and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Park Central Hotel New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 2,716 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.7Solo 7.6Friends 7.7Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Oct. 2018 beautiful room, pretty small though Photos of Park Central Hotel New York All photos (44) Bedroom (9) Bar (5) Gym (5) Room amenity (5) Where is Park Central Hotel New York Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.1 km Broadway0.5 km Times Square0.7 km Bryant Park1.3 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Chrysler Building1.5 km Getting Around New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.3 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.0 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.2 km New York Port Authority1.2 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.2 km FAQs when booking at Park Central Hotel New York Is pricing at Park Central Hotel New York comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Park Central Hotel New York is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in New York. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 461 per night in New York. Park Central Hotel New York will run you C$ 449 per night, which is 28% cheaper than the New York average. How close is Park Central Hotel New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 22 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Park Central Hotel New York. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Park Central Hotel New York? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Park Central Hotel New York from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Park Central Hotel New York. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from Park Central Hotel New York using any means of transportation. What is the Park Central Hotel New York phone number? You can reach the front desk of Park Central Hotel New York at +1 212 247 8000. Does Park Central Hotel New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Park Central Hotel New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Park Central Hotel New York? Yes, Park Central Hotel New York has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Park Central Hotel New York? The standard check-out time at Park Central Hotel New York is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Park Central Hotel New York, New York? Usually Park Central Hotel New York room prices are around C$ 449/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 119/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Park Central Hotel New York? Park Central Hotel New York does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Park Central Hotel New York have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Park Central Hotel New York from Rockefeller Center? Park Central Hotel New York is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 0.6 km away. Is Park Central Hotel New York close to Times Square? Park Central Hotel New York is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Times Square, which is 0.7 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Park Central Hotel New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
