https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Park_Grand_London_Kensington.htm
Park Grand London Kensington, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Park Grand London Kensington Park Grand London Kensington Hotel 33-37 Hogarth Road, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 6,051 reviews 8.0 C$ 225 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Park Grand London Kensington Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Park Grand London Kensington Situated in London, this 4-star property is modern and elegant. It is located a short walk from Gloucester Road and Earls Court Exhibition Centre. Park Grand London Kensington features an aro... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 18.5 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 370 6831 All policies Amenities at Park Grand London Kensington Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Fruits Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Radio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Smartphone Socket near the bed Additional toilet Bathtub Soundproofing Street parking Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans TV Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Park Grand London Kensington Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Park Grand London Kensington Ambassadors Hotel 16 Collingham Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Ambassadors Hotel London is within a 10-minute walk of Gloucester Road and the Baden-Powell House. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals K+k Hotel George 8.3 Excellent 1-15 Templeton Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering 4-star contemporary accommodation, K+K Hotel George is ideally situated in Central London. It also provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Mayflower Hotel & Apartments 7.3 Good 26-28 Trebovir Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central London, just a short stroll from Earls Court Exhibition Centre. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Cromwell International Hotel 4.5 Okay 139-141 Cromwell Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated just a brief stroll from Gloucester Road Tube Station, Cromwell International Hotel offers guests a convenient base while in London. It is close to Gloucester Road. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Park Grand London Kensington 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 6,051 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 8.0Friends 7.9Solo 7.9Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Sort by: Date M 9.2 Excellent Maike, Feb. 2019 the staff is very helpful and friendly, good location near a tube station,rooms are nice and clean Photos of Park Grand London Kensington All photos (54) Bedroom (19) Restaurant (10) Front desk (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Park Grand London Kensington Most Popular Landmarks Kensington Gardens1.8 km Hyde Park2.1 km Harrods2.1 km Buckingham Palace3.6 km Oxford Circus4.2 km Piccadilly Circus4.4 km Getting Around London Earl's Court0.3 km London Earl's Court0.3 km London Cromwell Road0.6 km London West Brompton0.8 km London Empress State Bldg W Brompton1.0 km London Fulham Road Beaufort Street1.1 km FAQs when booking at Park Grand London Kensington Is pricing at Park Grand London Kensington comparable to 4 star hotels in London? Park Grand London Kensington is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in London. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 418 per night in London. Park Grand London Kensington will run you C$ 283 per night, which is 50% cheaper than the London average. How close is Park Grand London Kensington to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? The distance between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Park Grand London Kensington is 18.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 14m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Park Grand London Kensington? Getting from London Heathrow Airport to Park Grand London Kensington can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in London. Luckily, Park Grand London Kensington has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Park Grand London Kensington from the London city center? Park Grand London Kensington is 0.2 km away from the center of Earls Court, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Park Grand London Kensington by various forms of transportation. What is the Park Grand London Kensington phone number? The best way to contact Park Grand London Kensington is by calling +44 207 370 6831. Does Park Grand London Kensington have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Park Grand London Kensington has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Park Grand London Kensington? Yes. You should consider staying at Park Grand London Kensington if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Park Grand London Kensington? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Park Grand London Kensington, London? Usually Park Grand London Kensington room prices are around C$ 283/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 137/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Park Grand London Kensington? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Park Grand London Kensington for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Park Grand London Kensington have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Park Grand London Kensington. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Park Grand London Kensington from Hyde Park? The popular Hyde Park is just over 2.1 km from Park Grand London Kensington. Is Park Grand London Kensington close to Nobu Portman Square? Walking distance - there’s 3.5 km between Nobu Portman Square and Park Grand London Kensington. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Park Grand London Kensington Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
