https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Park_Plaza_County_Hall_London.htm
Park Plaza County Hall London, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Park Plaza County Hall London Park Plaza County Hall London Hotel 1 Addington Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 5,525 reviews 8.7 C$ 260 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Park Plaza County Hall London Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Park Plaza County Hall London Park Plaza County Hall London is situated in London and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterloo Tube Station. It is located a brief walk from Sea Life London Aquarium, Big Ben and the London Eye. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 021 1800 All policies Amenities at Park Plaza County Hall London Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Park Plaza County Hall London Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Park Plaza County Hall London Park Plaza Westminster Bridge London 8.3 Excellent 200 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free wireless internet access in all areas, Park Plaza Westminster is located in Central London and is a short walk from Sea Life London Aquarium. It is situated a brief stroll from the London Eye, Parliament Square and Big Ben. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Marlin Waterloo 7.9 Good 111 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central London, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Imperial War Museum. It offers free Wi-Fi, room service and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Point A Hotel London Westminster 7.5 Good 118 - 120 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Point A Hotel London Westminster provides contemporary 3-star accommodation in London. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel London Waterloo 7.9 Good 113 Lambeth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel This modern hotel is ideally set in Central London and offers its guests a sauna. It also offers a coffee bar, 24-hour room service and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Park Plaza County Hall London 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 5,525 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.4Solo 8.7Friends 8.8Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date Q 9.0 Excellent qaheralforse, Aug. 2019 very good Photos of Park Plaza County Hall London All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (7) Room amenity (7) Restaurant (6) Where is Park Plaza County Hall London Most Popular Landmarks London Eye0.3 km Big Ben0.6 km Trafalgar Square1.1 km Leicester Square1.4 km Piccadilly Circus1.6 km Buckingham Palace1.7 km Getting Around London Waterloo0.3 km London Belvedere Road0.4 km London Westminster0.6 km London Waterloo East0.6 km London Southwark0.8 km London Embankment0.8 km FAQs when booking at Park Plaza County Hall London Is pricing at Park Plaza County Hall London comparable to 4 star hotels in London? There is a 41% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in London and the average nightly rate at Park Plaza County Hall London. The rate at Park Plaza County Hall London is just C$ 332/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in London. How close is Park Plaza County Hall London to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 23.8 km between Park Plaza County Hall London and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Park Plaza County Hall London? Getting from London Heathrow Airport to Park Plaza County Hall London can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in London. Luckily, Park Plaza County Hall London has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Park Plaza County Hall London from the London city center? Park Plaza County Hall London is just 0.2 km away from the center of South Bank, London. From Park Plaza County Hall London you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Wembley Stadium. What is the Park Plaza County Hall London phone number? The best way to contact Park Plaza County Hall London is by calling +44 207 021 1800. Does Park Plaza County Hall London have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Park Plaza County Hall London has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Park Plaza County Hall London? Yes, Park Plaza County Hall London has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Park Plaza County Hall London? Park Plaza County Hall London has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Park Plaza County Hall London, London? A good deal at Park Plaza County Hall London right now is between C$ 169 and C$ 332 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Park Plaza County Hall London? Yes, food can be ordered from the Park Plaza County Hall London restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Park Plaza County Hall London have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Park Plaza County Hall London from Tower Bridge? Park Plaza County Hall London is a good place to stay to see Tower Bridge. It’s 2.9 km away. Is Park Plaza County Hall London close to London Bridge? 2.1 km - making London Bridge a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Park Plaza County Hall London. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Park Plaza County Hall London Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
