https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pathumwan_Princess_Hotel.htm
Pathumwan Princess Hotel, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Pathumwan Princess Hotel Pathumwan Princess Hotel Hotel 444 Mbk Center, Phayathai Rd., Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 2,913 reviews 8.8 C$ 148 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pathumwan Princess Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Pathumwan Princess Hotel Featuring a popular location, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has views of Bangkok, and is moments from Siam Square. Guests also have exclusive access to the Bangkok Spa and Olympic Club. Bangkok Pa... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Mobile hotspot device Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 216 3700 All policies Amenities at Pathumwan Princess Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Open-air bath Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Books, DVDs, music for children Aerobics Fitness classes Fitness centre Tennis Squash Bowling Table tennis Massage Library Racquetball courts Shopping Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pathumwan Princess Hotel Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Pathumwan Princess Hotel Mercure Bangkok Siam 8.5 Excellent 927 Rama 1 Road, Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Mercure Bangkok Siam is set in Bangkok and is within a 10-minute walk of Siam BTS Station. It is close to MBK Center, restaurants and shops. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Bangkok Siam 8.3 Excellent Rama 1 Wangmai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Siam BTS Station, ibis Bangkok Siam Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Bangkok. Just a short walk from MBK Center, it provides air-conditioned rooms with free wireless internet. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Bangkok on Siam Square 7.5 Good 392-44 Siam Square Soi 6 Rama, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated just a five-minute walk from Siam BTS Station, Novotel Bangkok on Siam Square offers guests an ideal base when visiting Bangkok. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and a kids club. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok 9.4 Excellent 991/ 9 Rama 1 Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel This 5-star hotel offers modern accommodation in Bangkok and is a short stroll from Siam BTS Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Kempinski The Spa and Health Club. C$ 374 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pathumwan Princess Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 2,916 verified guest reviews 8.7Families 8.8Solo 8.6Couples 8.7Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date R 9.3 Excellent Reg, Aug. 2018 This is a very good hotel, it is very close to Transport with the BTS sky train at National Satdium station rith there. Also it has all the best shopping as the hotel is attached to the MBK shopping centre, which is also conceted to all the other major shopping in this area. The hotel food is very good and the prices are more than reasonable, room services and the many restaurants within the hotel. Breakfast has a fantastic selection ans is avaible from the lobby area or on level 8 next to the pool and gym. Rooms are a little older, but are in very good condition as everything seems to be very well maintained. Great place to stay in Bangkok M 10.0 Excellent Maria, Aug. 2017 Awesome hotel in a great shopping friendly location. will definitely stay here again!! A 8.2 Great Anonymous, Dec. 2016 breakfast variety (level 8) and room needs updating and maintenance. electrical and room detailing required. Photos of Pathumwan Princess Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Lounge (6) Bathroom (5) Living room (4) Where is Pathumwan Princess Hotel Most Popular Landmarks MBK Center0.2 km Siam Square0.5 km Central World Plaza0.8 km Centralworld1.1 km Pratunam1.4 km Patpong Night Market1.7 km Getting Around Bangkok National Stadium Bts0.4 km Bangkok Siam Bts0.5 km Bangkok Ratchathewi Bts1.0 km Bangkok Ratchadamri Bts1.1 km Bangkok Mandarin Hotel1.1 km Bangkok Mekong Express - Bangkok - Ratchathewi1.2 km FAQs when booking at Pathumwan Princess Hotel How close is Pathumwan Princess Hotel to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Pathumwan Princess Hotel is 20.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Pathumwan Princess Hotel? Pathumwan Princess Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Pathumwan Princess Hotel? Yes, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Pathumwan Princess Hotel from the Bangkok city center? Pathumwan Princess Hotel is just 0.3 km away from the center of Siam, Bangkok. From Pathumwan Princess Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Pathumwan Princess Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 216 3700. Does Pathumwan Princess Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pathumwan Princess Hotel? Yes, Pathumwan Princess Hotel has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Pathumwan Princess Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Pathumwan Princess Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Pathumwan Princess Hotel, Bangkok? Prices at Pathumwan Princess Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 224, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 103. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Pathumwan Princess Hotel? Pathumwan Princess Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Pathumwan Princess Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Pathumwan Princess Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Pathumwan Princess Hotel from Victory Monument? The popular Victory Monument is just over 2.6 km from Pathumwan Princess Hotel. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Pathumwan Princess Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
