https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pearl_Hotel_Kasai.htm
Pearl Hotel Kasai, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Pearl Hotel Kasai Pearl Hotel Kasai Hotel 6-1-7 Higashikasai, Tokyo, Japan GoodBased on 263 reviews 6.6 C$ 41 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pearl Hotel Kasai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pearl Hotel Kasai Pearl Hotel Kasai offers a comfortable setting when in Tokyo. It also provides massage services, a free shuttle service and meeting rooms. Pearl Hotel Kasai provides rooms equipped with a sho... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.7 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 47.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 338 048 080 All policies Amenities at Pearl Hotel Kasai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property Electric kettle Bathtub Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Free toiletries Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Heating Pants press Shower Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Slippers Vending machine (drinks) Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Activities Pay-per-view channels Bicycle rental Services Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Pearl Hotel Kasai Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Pearl Hotel Kasai Hotel Monday Tokyo Nishikasai 8.4 Excellent 6-8-7 Nishikasai, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Hotel Monday Tokyo Nishikasai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It also offers meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and luggage storage. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel East 21 Tokyo 8.4 Excellent 6-3-3 Toyo, Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 5.4 km from current hotel Hotel East 21 Tokyo provides modern accommodation in Tokyo and is within a 20-minute walk of Kiba Metro Station. It offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo Kinshicho 8.2 Excellent 2-18-7 Kotobashi, Sumida-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 6.7 km from current hotel Sotetsu Fresa Inn Tokyo Kinshicho is located in Tokyo and features free wireless internet. The hotel is also ideally situated within a five-minute walk of Kinshicho Railway Station. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.3 km from current hotel This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Keihan Asakusa 8.0 Excellent 2-12-4 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This hotel is set in Taito, a quick walk from Hanayashiki. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Asakusa Station. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pearl Hotel Kasai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 263 verified guest reviews 6.4Families 6.5Couples 6.8Friends 6.6Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pearl Hotel Kasai All photos (15) Bedroom (6) Buffet (3) Building (1) Business centre (1) Where is Pearl Hotel Kasai Most Popular Landmarks Ueno Koen10.8 km Tokyo Dome12.0 km Roppongi Hills13.0 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden14.9 km Yoyogi Koen16.1 km Toyosu Market8.6 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube10.3 km Tokyo Ueno10.4 km Tokyo Shinagawa12.6 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal15.6 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal15.9 km Tokyo9.6 km FAQs when booking at Pearl Hotel Kasai Is pricing at Pearl Hotel Kasai comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? There is a 86% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo and the average nightly rate at Pearl Hotel Kasai. The rate at Pearl Hotel Kasai is just C$ 57/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Tokyo. How close is Pearl Hotel Kasai to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With a distance of 14.8 km between Pearl Hotel Kasai and the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Pearl Hotel Kasai? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Pearl Hotel Kasai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Pearl Hotel Kasai from the Tokyo city center? Pearl Hotel Kasai is 2.6 km away from the center of Edogawa, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Pearl Hotel Kasai by various forms of transportation. What is the Pearl Hotel Kasai phone number? The best way to contact Pearl Hotel Kasai is by calling +81 338 048 080. Does Pearl Hotel Kasai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pearl Hotel Kasai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Pearl Hotel Kasai? Pearl Hotel Kasai has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 10:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Pearl Hotel Kasai, Tokyo? C$ 25 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Pearl Hotel Kasai, with average deals around C$ 57 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Pearl Hotel Kasai? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Pearl Hotel Kasai, Tokyo. Does Pearl Hotel Kasai have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Pearl Hotel Kasai that can be used by guests. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Pearl Hotel Kasai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
