https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Perkins_Inn.htm
Perkins Inn, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Perkins Inn Perkins Inn Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States C$ 151 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Perkins Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Perkins Inn Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enj... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 752 2448 All policies Amenities at Perkins Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Heating Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Free parking Terrace/Patio Hypoallergenic Hairdryer Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Adapter Bathrobe Laundry facilities Secured parking Air-conditioned Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Perkins Inn Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 997 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 860 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 469 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Perkins Inn Boston Fenway Inn By Found 5.6 Okay 12 Hemenway Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Located in Boston, Boston Fenway Inn Hostel is set amongst a variety of shops and boutiques and is minutes on foot from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station. It is situated a brief stroll from Hynes Convention Center and Newbury Street. C$ 461 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Guest House 8.7 Excellent 22 Edgerly Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Oasis Guest House Boston is located in Boston and provides free Wi-Fi. The various facilities this charming bed & breakfast has to offer include a safe, a concierge and luggage storage. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals The Midtown Hotel 220 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from current hotel Opened in 1962, Midtown Hotel Boston is located in Boston and offers a hair salon, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Plus Boston Hotel 891 Massachusetts Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Best Western PLUS Boston Hotel provides unique accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from Massachusetts Avenue Bus Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and an executive floor. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Seaport Boston Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Perkins Inn All photos (23) Bedroom (13) Dining room (3) Bathroom (2) Stairs (2) Where is Perkins Inn Most Popular Landmarks Museum of Fine Arts2.5 km Fenway Park3.0 km Agganis Arena3.4 km Prudential Center3.7 km Copley Place3.9 km Harvard Stadium5.1 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street3.5 km Boston Allston3.6 km Boston Back Bay4.1 km Boston Park Plaza4.9 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave5.0 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave5.3 km FAQs when booking at Perkins Inn How close is Perkins Inn to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 9.8 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Perkins Inn. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Perkins Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Boston, consider renting a car for about C$ 60/day and parking it at Perkins Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Perkins Inn from the Boston city center? Perkins Inn is just 1.1 km away from the center of Mission Hill, Boston. From Perkins Inn you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Science. What is the Perkins Inn phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 617 752 2448 to talk to a Perkins Inn front desk representative. Does Perkins Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Perkins Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Perkins Inn? Perkins Inn has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. Does Perkins Inn have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Perkins Inn. How far is Perkins Inn from Museum of Fine Arts? Perkins Inn is a walkable distance (2.5 km) from Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. Is Perkins Inn close to Fenway Park? Walking distance - there’s 3 km between Fenway Park and Perkins Inn. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Perkins Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
