https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Phachara_Suites_Bangkok.htm
Phachara Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Hotel 22 Sukhumvit Soi 6, Klongtoey, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 5 reviews 8.5 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Phachara Suites Bangkok offers contemporary accommodation in Bangkok and is a short walk from BTS Nana Station. Guests also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 22.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 262 9999 All policies Amenities at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Pants press Free parking Pool towels Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Dining room Slippers Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans TV Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Washing machine DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Grand Sukhumvit Hotel Bangkok 8.0 Excellent 99 Sukhumvit Road Soi 6 Klongtoey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Grand Sukhumvit Hotel Bangkok is only a five-minute stroll from BTS Nana Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Bangkok. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 7.7 Good 41 Sukhumvit Road Soi 4, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ibis Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 provides a modern setting when in Bangkok. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from BTS Nana Station. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals SureStay Plus Hotel by Best Western Sukhumvit 2 8.5 Excellent 89 Sukhumvit Soi 2 Khlong Toey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel SureStay Plus Hotel by Best Western Sukhumvit 2 provides modern accommodation in Bangkok and is a short walk from BTS Phloen Chit Station. Those staying at the property also have access to free wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Adelphi Suites Bangkok 8.7 Excellent 6 Sukhumvit Soi 8, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This 4-star hotel provides modern accommodation in Bangkok and is within walking distance of BTS Nana Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Phachara Suites Sukhumvit 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 5 verified guest reviews 9.0Solo 7.0Families 8.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Phachara Suites Sukhumvit All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Pool (7) Bathroom (6) Gym (5) Where is Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 210.7 km Centralworld1.8 km Central World Plaza1.8 km Pratunam2.1 km Siam Square2.3 km Silom Complex2.4 km Getting Around Bangkok Nana Bts0.2 km Bangkok Phloen Chit Bts0.7 km Bangkok Asok Bts0.7 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 21.2 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 241.2 km Bangkok Chit Lom Bts1.3 km FAQs when booking at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Is pricing at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? In Bangkok, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 96. The expected nightly rate for Phachara Suites Sukhumvit is around C$ 114; a price that is 12% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Phachara Suites Sukhumvit to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Bangkok. How close is Phachara Suites Sukhumvit to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? There are 20.2 km between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Phachara Suites Sukhumvit. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Phachara Suites Sukhumvit? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Phachara Suites Sukhumvit has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Phachara Suites Sukhumvit from the Bangkok city center? Phachara Suites Sukhumvit is 0.9 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Phachara Suites Sukhumvit by various forms of transportation. What is the Phachara Suites Sukhumvit phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit please call +66 2 262 9999. Does Phachara Suites Sukhumvit have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Phachara Suites Sukhumvit has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit? Yes, there is a gym available to Phachara Suites Sukhumvit guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok? Phachara Suites Sukhumvit room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 114/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 69/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Phachara Suites Sukhumvit? Yes, food can be ordered from the Phachara Suites Sukhumvit restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Phachara Suites Sukhumvit have a laundry service? Phachara Suites Sukhumvit does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Phachara Suites Sukhumvit from Victory Monument? Phachara Suites Sukhumvit is a walkable distance (3.3 km) from Victory Monument, Bangkok. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Phachara Suites Sukhumvit Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
