https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pied_A_Terre_Mont_Royal.htm
Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Hostel 4460 Avenue Christophe-Colomb, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 51 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal is located in Montreal and is close to Saint Laurent Boulevard. It also offers free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour business centre. Rooms at the hostel are comfortable and featur... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 10.0 Policies Check-in time 6:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 929 379 6865 All policies Amenities at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Free parking Terrace/Patio Street parking Hairdryer Grill Microwave Laundry facilities Indoor pool Garden Minibar Refrigerator Designated smoking area Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Business centre Concierge service Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 516 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Appartement In Saint Denis Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Appartement In Saint Denis is situated in Montreal and is close to the area's popular attractions. Guests can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Chez Jean 4136 Henri Julien, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge Chez Jean provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It is located in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Park Avenue 4544, Avenue du Parc, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Hotel Park Avenue is located in Montreal and is close to Underground City. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 216 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 751 Avg. per night View Deals William Gray 8.6 Excellent 421 Rue St-Vincent, Vieux, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada William Gray is set in Montreal and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Place d'Armes and Bank of Montreal. It also offers a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 358 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review 10.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Most Popular Landmarks Stade Percival-Molson1.9 km Christ Church Cathedral2.7 km Eaton Centre2.8 km Place Ville-Marie3.0 km Marché Jean-Talon3.0 km Marché Bonsecours3.0 km Getting Around Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph0.7 km Montreal Bus1.8 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles17.5 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance2.6 km Montreal Kirkland23.2 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque3.0 km FAQs when booking at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal How close is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At 15.3 km away, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is the closest airport to Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal. The average expected drive time from Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal? Yes, Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal from the Montreal city center? The center of Le Plateau-Mont-Royal, Montreal, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as La Ronde, which you can get to from Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal using any means of transportation. What is the Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 929 379 6865. Does Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal? Yes, there is a gym available to Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal? Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. Does Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal. How far is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal is a walkable distance (3.2 km) from Vieux-Port de Montréal, Montreal. Is Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal is just 3.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Quebec Hotels 10,517 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Pied-A-Terre Mont-Royal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
