https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pinnacle_Hotel_Vancouver_Harbourfront.htm
Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Hotel 1133 Hastings St W, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 2,996 reviews 7.9 C$ 207 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Set in the heart of the city and a five-minute walk from Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre, Pinnacle Hotel Vancouver Harbourfront provides comfort, convenience and quality service. It is close ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 689 9211 All policies Amenities at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Allergy-free room Solarium Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Golf Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Videogames Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Vancouver Marriott Pinnacle Downtown Hotel 8.1 Excellent 1128 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in the centre of Vancouver, this hotel features a relaxed restaurant and a night club. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa 8.5 Excellent 1180 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, Coast Coal Harbour Hotel by APA offers easy access to Vancouver's best sightseeing areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre and Canada Place. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Cruise Ship Terminal, Fairmont Pacific Rim provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. This luxury hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 2,996 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 7.8Families 7.9Friends 7.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront All photos (38) Bedroom (8) Conference room (5) Pool (4) Gym (3) Where is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km Waterfront Centre0.6 km BC Place Stadium1.4 km Rogers Arena1.5 km Metropolis at Metrotown11.2 km Granville Island Public Market2.1 km Getting Around Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.3 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.5 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.7 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.2 km FAQs when booking at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Is pricing at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? Hotels in Vancouver that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 240/night, but on average, Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront is available for 31% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront for C$ 223/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Vancouver. How close is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 0.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront during their stay. Is there a pool at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront? Yes. Many people visiting Vancouver look for a hotel with a pool. Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront from the Vancouver city center? Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront is just 0.1 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. From Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront please call +1 604 689 9211. Does Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront? Yes, Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront, Vancouver? Prices at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 223, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 136. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront? Yes, food can be ordered from the Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront, Vancouver. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 2.1 km away from Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront. Is Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront close to Rogers Arena? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Rogers Arena and Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
