https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Planet_Traveler_Hostel.htm
Planet Traveler Hostel, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Planet Traveler Hostel Planet Traveler Hostel Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 52 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Planet Traveler Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Planet Traveler Hostel Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. Planet Traveler Hostel has 88 modern rooms that are ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 647 352 8747 All policies Amenities at Planet Traveler Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Hotels Similar to Planet Traveler Hostel Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Planet Traveler Hostel Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Two Peas Pod Hostel 403 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This hostel is located in Downtown Toronto, and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Travellers Home 4.0 Okay 588 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Downtown Toronto, Toronto Travellers Home is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including The Grange and Spadina Avenue. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals The Alexandra Hotel 6.7 Good 77 Ryerson Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, The Alexandra Hotel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Planet Traveler Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Bloor Street West Annex1.0 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.9 km Downsview Park11.2 km Massey Hall2.0 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres2.0 km Rogers Centre2.1 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus1.5 km Toronto Weston10.0 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.2 km Toronto Downsview Park12.3 km Toronto Bishop Avenue13.9 km Toronto York University15.0 km FAQs when booking at Planet Traveler Hostel How close is Planet Traveler Hostel to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 17.5 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to Planet Traveler Hostel. The average expected drive time from Planet Traveler Hostel to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 13m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Planet Traveler Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Planet Traveler Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is Planet Traveler Hostel from the Toronto city center? Planet Traveler Hostel is just 0.6 km away from the center of Chinatown, Toronto. From Planet Traveler Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as CN Tower. What is the Planet Traveler Hostel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Planet Traveler Hostel please call +1 647 352 8747. What is the check-out time at Planet Traveler Hostel? Planet Traveler Hostel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How far is Planet Traveler Hostel from Rogers Centre? Planet Traveler Hostel is a good place to stay to see Rogers Centre. It’s 2.1 km away. Is Planet Traveler Hostel close to Royal Ontario Museum? Royal Ontario Museum is also a popular place to see in Toronto. It is 1.4 km from Planet Traveler Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Planet Traveler Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
