https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Plaza_la_Reina.htm
Plaza la Reina, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Plaza la Reina Plaza la Reina Hotel 10850 Lindbrook Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 338 reviews 8.8 C$ 403 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Plaza la Reina Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Plaza la Reina Plaza la Reina provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It is close to Westwood Memorial Park, eateries and shops. Guests of this 4-star hotel can plan sightseeing trips with help ... More Good to Know To Downtown 11.8 km Rating 8.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 986 6888 All policies Amenities at Plaza la Reina Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Secured parking Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Sofa Sofa bed CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Pants press Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Washing machine Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Golf Pay-per-view channels Services Shuttle service (free) Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Plaza la Reina Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Plaza la Reina W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 930 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is ideal for guests wishing to discover Los Angeles and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 364 Avg. per night View Deals Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel 7.5 Good 11461 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel is an easy drive from the J. Paul Getty Museum and Universal Studios Hollywood. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage services. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Angeleno 7.9 Good 170 North Church Lane, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Offering views of Los Angeles, guests of Hotel Angeleno can expect luxury amenities including a limousine service. This modern property is conveniently situated in Westside. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills 2151 Avenue Of The Stars, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an infinity pool, InterContinental Los Angeles Century City at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides elegant accommodation. It features rooms that open onto a private terrace with views of the city. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Plaza la Reina 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 338 verified guest reviews 8.9Couples 8.8Friends 8.5Families 9.4Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Plaza la Reina All photos (40) Bedroom (11) Living room (9) Bathroom (4) Outdoors view (3) Where is Plaza la Reina Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame10.6 km Hollywood Boulevard11.1 km Hollywood and Vine11.7 km California Science Center15.3 km STAPLES Center16.3 km L.A. Live16.5 km Getting Around Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California1.1 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave1.1 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak1.1 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel10.4 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn11.0 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel11.2 km FAQs when booking at Plaza la Reina Is pricing at Plaza la Reina comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? Hotels in Los Angeles that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 413/night, but on average, Plaza la Reina is available for 22% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Plaza la Reina for C$ 432/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Los Angeles. How close is Plaza la Reina to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Plaza la Reina is 13.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 10m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Plaza la Reina? Plaza la Reina has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Plaza la Reina guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is Plaza la Reina considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Plaza la Reina are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Plaza la Reina from the Los Angeles city center? Plaza la Reina is just 0.3 km away from the center of Westwood, Los Angeles. From Plaza la Reina you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Plaza la Reina phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Plaza la Reina please call +1 310 986 6888. Does Plaza la Reina have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Plaza la Reina has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Plaza la Reina? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Plaza la Reina. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Plaza la Reina, Los Angeles? Prices at Plaza la Reina will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 432, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 289. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Plaza la Reina have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Plaza la Reina, Los Angeles. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Plaza la Reina Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
