https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Porto-vacation-rentals.htm
Porto, Portugal Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Porto, Portugal Search and compare Porto, Portugal vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Porto, Portugal 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Porto, Portugal Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Northern Portugal Hotels 15,716 Porto Hotels 8,633 Porto Hotels 6,086 Porto Vacation Rentals 5,220 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Porto Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Serviced Apartments Boavista Palace 9.3 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 909 reviews 9.3 Centrally positioned, Serviced Apartments Boavista Palace allows for easy access to Porto's best hot spots. This contemporary property is a convenient base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in Vinho Verde. View Deals Ribeira By Yoursporto 8.9 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 252 reviews 8.9 Conveniently situated, Douro Apartments - RiverTop allows for easy access to Porto's best hot spots. It provides free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. View Deals Baumhaus Serviced Apartments 9.3 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 64 reviews 9.3 Centrally situated, Baumhaus Serviced Apartments allows for easy access to Porto's best hot spots. This unique property is an ideal choice for discovering local vineyards as it is located in Vinho Verde. View Deals Casa da Figueiroa 9.2 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 115 reviews 9.2 Casa da Figueiroa is located in Porto and features free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. View Deals Suite Porto 7.9 Good Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal GoodBased on 132 reviews 7.9 Suite Porto is located in Porto and is close to Casa da Musica. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet throughout their stay. View Deals Reis de Gaia 9.0 Excellent Rua Cândido Dos Reis, 160, Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal ExcellentBased on 798 reviews 9.0 Reis de Gaia provides a comfortable base while visiting Vila Nova de Gaia and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a tour desk and an airport shuttle. View Deals PipaD'oro by YoursPorto 9.0 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,111 reviews 9.0 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Porto. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. View Deals Oporto Trendy Apartments 8.8 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 324 reviews 8.8 Conveniently positioned, Oporto Trendy Apartments offers easy access to Porto's main tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. View Deals Porto Downtown Lovers Suites Bombarda 451 9.3 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 991 reviews 9.3 Centrally situated, Porto Downtown Lovers Suites Bombarda 451 offers easy access to Porto's popular hot spots. It also features free Wi-Fi and an airport shuttle. View Deals Youropo - Bolhao 9.2 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,149 reviews 9.2 Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Porto. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. View Deals All 6,086 vacation rentals in Porto Tips for booking vacation rentals in Porto Cheapest month: December Most expensive month: August Average price in Porto: C$ 135/night Cheapest price found: C$ 58/night Cheapest day: Wednesday Most expensive day: Sunday C$ 58 - C$ 275 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 65 - C$ 275 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Porto vacation rentals Show all 6,086 hotels 1 Rva - Porto Central Flats 9.2 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Conveniently situated, RVA - Porto Central Flats allows for easy access to Porto's popular sightseeing areas. A short stroll from the Palacio da Bolsa, it offers comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator. View Deals 2 Arco Apartments 9.7 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Centrally positioned, Arco Apartments allows for easy access to Porto's best sightseeing areas. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi during their stay. View Deals 3 Condes de Azevedo Palace 9.1 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 5-star property makes for an excellent base in Porto. It is moments from Porto Cathedral, restaurants and nightlife options. View Deals 4 Vivacity Porto 8.4 Excellent Praca Guilherme Gomes Fernandes, 35, Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Conveniently located, Vivacity Porto - Rooms & Apartments allows for easy access to Porto's best sightseeing areas. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. View Deals 5 Apartamentos Villa Bolhao 8.9 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Conveniently located, Apartamentos Villa Bolhao offers easy access to Porto's popular hot spots. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a beauty centre. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Porto, Portugal Show all 6,086 hotels iStudios Campanhã 5.2 Okay Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal IStudios Campanha is located in Porto and is close to the Dom Luis Bridge. It also offers a concierge, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Koolhouse Porto 8.7 Excellent Avenida da Boavista 911, Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Koolhouse Porto is set in Porto and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Rotunda da Boavista. It also offers a swimming pool, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Studios Porto Solar 7.9 Good Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Studios Porto Solar offers easy access to Porto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is situated a short walk from the Coliseu do Porto and Douro River. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Oporto Palace Apartments 8.6 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Oporto Palace Apartments is situated in Porto and features free wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Olive 3 - Downtown Porto by the Metro 7.9 Good Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Conveniently located, Olive 3 - Downtown Porto by the Metro offers easy access to Porto's best hot spots. It also provides an airport shuttle and a lift. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals Apartment Boavista Roundabout by Sweet Porto 8.4 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Conveniently located, Apartment Boavista Roundabout by Sweet Porto allows for easy access to Porto's main hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Domum 8.2 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Centrally located, Domum allows for easy access to Porto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Citybreak-Apartments Patio 8.1 Excellent Porto, Porto, Portugal Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Porto, Portugal Within a two minute walk of the Palacio da Bolsa, Citybreak-apartments Patio is located in the heart of Porto. This modern property is an ideal choice for discovering local vineyards as it is set in Vinho Verde. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Porto 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Orbitur Madalena Rua do Cerro 608, Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto, Portugal C$ 65 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Douro Apartments - Ribeira Rua Infante Dom Henrique 37, Porto, Porto, Portugal C$ 23 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Reis de Gaia Rua Cândido Dos Reis, 160, Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto, Portugal 9.0 C$ 80 View Deal #2 Most popular Vivacity Porto Praca Guilherme Gomes Fernandes, 35, Porto, Porto, Portugal 8.4 C$ 72 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Porto Vacation rentals in popular Portugal cities Lisbon Ponta Delgada Porto Funchal Faro Albufeira Lagos Portimão Setúbal Tomar Show more Hotels in popular Porto neighbourhoods Cedofeita, Porto vacation rentals Foz du Douro, Porto vacation rentals Centro / Baixa, Porto vacation rentals Hotels in popular Portugal cities Lisbon Ponta Delgada Funchal Faro Albufeira Lagos Portimão Setúbal Tomar Angra do Heroísmo Show more Facts about staying in Porto How much does a vacation rental in Porto cost? Porto vacation rentals are C$ 136/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, April is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Porto, and December is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 58/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 132/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Porto vacation rental? Condes de Azevedo Palace has a 9.1 rating from 787 users, making it the best Porto vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Porto Airport? It’s only 1.7 km from Porto Airport to Next to the Airport (the nearest Porto vacation rental to the airport). What part of Porto is best to stay in? Centro / Baixa is the best part of Porto to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Porto vacation rentals, 91% of them looked for stays in the Centro / Baixa neighbourhood in the last year. The Vivacity Porto happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Centro / Baixa neighbourhood of Porto. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Porto near Estádio do Dragão? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Estádio do Dragão while in Porto, then the most popular is Apartamentos Villa Bolhao with a 8.9/10 review score from 171 users. The distance from Estádio do Dragão to Apartamentos Villa Bolhao is 2.4 km. Are there Porto vacation rentals with “pets” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 3 Porto vacation rentals mention “pets” under their list of amenities. The Feel Porto Historical Flats is the most popular vacation rental in Porto that features this amenity. Are there any Guest house vacation rentals in Porto? Yes, there are 269 Guest house vacation rentals in Porto. According to our data, Vivacity Porto is currently the most popular Guest house rental in the city. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Northern Portugal Hotels 15,716 Porto Hotels 8,633 Porto Hotels 6,086 Porto Vacation Rentals 5,220 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
