https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Princess_Hostel_Leidse_Square.htm
Princess Hotel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Princess Hotel Princess Hotel Hotel Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands OkayBased on 897 reviews 5.3 C$ 25 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Princess Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Princess Hotel Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. Bicycle ren... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.8 km Rating 5.3 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 9.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 206 122 947 All policies Amenities at Princess Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Linens Safety deposit box Adults only Shared bathroom Safe Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Towels/sheets (extra fee) Heating Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Vending machine (snacks) Snack bar 24hr front desk Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Princess Hotel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 521 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel 7.3 Good Kattengat 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Expect comfort and thoughtful convenience at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel in the Netherlands. Ideally-located in the heart of central Amsterdam, our hotel offers easy access to celebrated historic landmarks, cultural treasures and modern entertainment. We are located only minutes away from the Amsterdam Central Station, the iconic Dam Square and Madame Tussauds. After exploring Amsterdam, unwind with a workout in our 24-hour fitness center or relax with a cocktail and tasty cuisine in our delicious onsite restaurants. In the evening, retreat to spacious accommodations with signature bedding, ergonomic workspaces, high-speed Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs. If planning events, take advantage of our hotel's modern meeting venues with over 14,000 square feet of space and hi-tech audiovisual equipment. Or, host an event in the historic 17th-century domed Koepelkerk building adjoining our hotel. We look forward to providing you with an unforgettable experience at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Princess Hotel Catalonia Vondel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Vondelstraat 26, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Amsterdam, Hotel Vondel Amsterdam provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Theater Bellevue. It is steps from Leidseplein, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hotel Downtown 7.8 Good Eerste Constantijn Huygensstraat 10A, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Grand Hotel Downtown is a modern setting when visiting Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is located a short stroll from Theater Bellevue. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Titus City Centre 6.7 Good Leidsekade 74, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Titus City Centre allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main tourist attractions. It is within a two-minute stroll from Theater Bellevue. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Marnix Hotel Marnixstraat 382, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Budget Hotel Marnix City Centre offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is also set only minutes away from Theater Bellevue. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals International Budget Hostel City Center 6.6 Good Leidsegracht 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, International Budget Hostel City Center offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is close to Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Princess Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.3 PassableBased on 897 verified guest reviews 5.1Couples 5.6Solo 5.4Families 5.1Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Princess Hotel All photos (47) Bedroom (27) Hallway (4) Outdoors view (3) Other (3) Where is Princess Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Rijksmuseum0.7 km Heineken Experience1.2 km Anne Frank Huis1.5 km Royal Palace Amsterdam1.6 km Westerpark2.6 km Amsterdam RAI2.6 km Getting Around Amsterdam Eerste Constantijn Huygensstraat0.0 km Amsterdam Overtoom0.1 km Amsterdam Roemer Visscherstraat0.2 km Amsterdam Vondelstraat0.2 km Amsterdam Tesselschadestraat0.2 km Amsterdam Tweede Helmersstraat0.3 km FAQs when booking at Princess Hotel Is pricing at Princess Hotel comparable to 1 star hotels in Amsterdam? Princess Hotel is generally less than the average price of 1 star hotels in Amsterdam. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 212 per night in Amsterdam. Princess Hotel will run you C$ 79 per night, which is 73% cheaper than the Amsterdam average. How close is Princess Hotel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? There are 9.6 km between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Princess Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Princess Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Princess Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Princess Hotel from the Amsterdam city center? Princess Hotel is 0.4 km away from the center of Amsterdam-West, Amsterdam. Consider visiting Rijksmuseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Princess Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Princess Hotel phone number? For questions about Princess Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +31 206 122 947. Does Princess Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Princess Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Princess Hotel? The standard check-out time at Princess Hotel is 10:30 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Princess Hotel, Amsterdam? On average, guests have been paying C$ 79 per night to stay at Princess Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 16 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. How far is Princess Hotel from Van Gogh Museum? Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam is 0.6 km away from Princess Hotel. Is Princess Hotel close to Anne Frank Huis? The distance from Princess Hotel to Anne Frank Huis is 1.5 km. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Princess Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
