https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Puerto_Plata-vacation-rentals.htm
Puerto Plata, the Dominican Republic Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Puerto Plata, the Dominican Republic Search and compare Puerto Plata, the Dominican Republic vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 Puerto Plata Hotels 3,511 Puerto Plata Hotels 905 Puerto Plata Vacation Rentals 634 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Puerto Plata Cheapest month: August Most expensive month: November Average price in Puerto Plata: C$ 81/night Cheapest price found: C$ 44/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Sunday C$ 44 - C$ 158 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 53 - C$ 232 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Puerto Plata, the Dominican Republic Show all 905 hotels Casa Azul - Apartment 9.3 Excellent Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Providing a shuttle service to Gregorio Luperon International Airport, plus free Wi-Fi, Casa Azul - Apartment Puerto Plata is a convenient base in Puerto Plata. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Costambar 7.8 Good Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Located in Puerto Plata, Aparthotel Costambar is a short drive from Ocean World Adventure Park and the Fortaleza San Felipe. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Luxury Karla Apartments 9.1 Excellent Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Luxury Karla Apartments is located in Puerto Plata and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals E&J Beach Condos 8.6 Excellent Calle Number 4, Playa Laguna 1, Sosúa, Dominican Republic Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Sosúa, Dominican Republic E&J Beach Condo offers 3.5-star accommodation in Cabarete. It provides free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and laundry facilities. C$ 69 Avg. per night View Deals Bungalow Natura Village 9.3 Excellent Sosúa, Dominican Republic Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Sosúa, Dominican Republic Bungalow Natura Village is situated in Sosua and features free wireless internet. It also provides a concierge, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Ecolodge Tubagua Puerto Plata 8.7 Excellent Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic Show on map 14.7 km from city centre, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic This comfortable lodge in Tubagua offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as massage services and an outdoor pool. It also features meeting rooms, a tour desk and a concierge. C$ 109 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Puerto Plata 3 stars #1 Most popular Sosua Suites Condos Calle Dr. Rosen, Sosúa, Dominican Republic 6.9 C$ 78 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Seahorse Condos Calle Guayacanes 65, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic C$ 120 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Puerto Plata Hotels in popular Puerto Plata neighbourhoods Playa Dorada Beach and Golf Club, Puerto Plata vacation rentals Hotels in popular the Dominican Republic cities Punta Cana Bayahibe La Romana Samaná Sosúa Cabarete Santo Domingo Bavaro Higüey Sabana de La Mar Show more Vacation rentals in popular the Dominican Republic cities Punta Cana Puerto Plata Bayahibe La Romana Samaná Sosúa Cabarete Santo Domingo Higüey Boca Chica Show more Facts about staying in Puerto Plata How much does a vacation rental in Puerto Plata cost? Puerto Plata vacation rentals are C$ 82/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Puerto Plata, and August is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 44/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 77/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Puerto Plata vacation rental? Costambar has a 7.8 rating from 331 users, making it the best Puerto Plata vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Puerto Plata La Union Airport? It’s only 5.2 km from Puerto Plata La Union Airport to Sosua Suites Condos (the nearest Puerto Plata vacation rental to the airport). What part of Puerto Plata is best to stay in? Playa Dorada Beach and Golf Club is the best part of Puerto Plata to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Puerto Plata vacation rentals, 14% of them looked for stays in the Playa Dorada Beach and Golf Club neighbourhood in the last year. The Beachfront Apt with Seaview Dining Patio happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Playa Dorada Beach and Golf Club neighbourhood of Puerto Plata. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Puerto Plata near Cabarete Beach? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Cabarete Beach while in Puerto Plata, then the most popular is Costambar with a 7.8/10 review score from 331 users. The distance from Cabarete Beach to Costambar is 31.8 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Puerto Plata? Yes, there are 104 Resort vacation rentals in Puerto Plata. According to our data, Lifestyle Tropical Beach Resort and Spa is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 Puerto Plata Hotels 3,511 Puerto Plata Hotels 905 Puerto Plata Vacation Rentals 634 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
