https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pulitzer_Amsterdam.htm
Pulitzer Amsterdam, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Pulitzer Amsterdam Pulitzer Amsterdam Hotel Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 993 reviews 8.8 C$ 521 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pulitzer Amsterdam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pulitzer Amsterdam Situated in the heart of the city, Pulitzer Amsterdam provides easy access to Amsterdam's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. This luxurious 5-star hotel... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 10.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 205 235 235 All policies Amenities at Pulitzer Amsterdam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Baby safety gates Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Kids toys Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Cycling Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' outdoor play equipment Pay-per-view channels Playground Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk 24-hour security Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pulitzer Amsterdam Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals Conservatorium Hotel 8.9 Excellent Van Baerlestraat 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Located in Amsterdam (Museum Quarter), Conservatorium Hotel is a 2-minute walk from Van Gogh Museum and 7 minutes by foot from Rijksmuseum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 964 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel 7.3 Good Kattengat 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Expect comfort and thoughtful convenience at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel in the Netherlands. Ideally-located in the heart of central Amsterdam, our hotel offers easy access to celebrated historic landmarks, cultural treasures and modern entertainment. We are located only minutes away from the Amsterdam Central Station, the iconic Dam Square and Madame Tussauds. After exploring Amsterdam, unwind with a workout in our 24-hour fitness center or relax with a cocktail and tasty cuisine in our delicious onsite restaurants. In the evening, retreat to spacious accommodations with signature bedding, ergonomic workspaces, high-speed Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs. If planning events, take advantage of our hotel's modern meeting venues with over 14,000 square feet of space and hi-tech audiovisual equipment. Or, host an event in the historic 17th-century domed Koepelkerk building adjoining our hotel. We look forward to providing you with an unforgettable experience at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Pulitzer Amsterdam Hotel Mercier 8.4 Excellent Rozenstraat 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Amsterdam. It is moments from the Anne Frank House, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Di-Ann City Centre Hotel 5.8 Okay Raadhuisstraat 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Hotel DiAnn offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short stroll from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides cosy rooms equipped with a refrigerator, wireless internet access and a private bathroom. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Nine Streets Apartments Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Nine Streets Apartments provides easy access to Amsterdam's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 606 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Olympic Hotel 8.4 Excellent Ijsbaanpad 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in Amsterdam, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and provides a sauna and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pulitzer Amsterdam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 993 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.8Couples 8.9Friends 8.8Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Pulitzer Amsterdam All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Other (13) Living room (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Pulitzer Amsterdam Most Popular Landmarks Anne Frank Huis0.3 km Royal Palace Amsterdam0.5 km Rijksmuseum1.5 km Westerpark1.5 km Heineken Experience1.8 km NEMO2.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam Raadhuisstraat0.2 km Amsterdam Singel0.4 km Amsterdam W Hotel0.4 km Amsterdam Dam0.5 km Amsterdam Elandsgracht0.6 km Amsterdam Nieuwezijds Kolk0.7 km FAQs when booking at Pulitzer Amsterdam Is pricing at Pulitzer Amsterdam comparable to 5 star hotels in Amsterdam? The average rate for a night at Pulitzer Amsterdam is 24% less than the Amsterdam average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Pulitzer Amsterdam is typically C$ 631, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Amsterdam. How close is Pulitzer Amsterdam to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 10.7 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to Pulitzer Amsterdam. The average expected drive time from Pulitzer Amsterdam to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 08m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Pulitzer Amsterdam? For the most freedom while visiting Amsterdam, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Pulitzer Amsterdam where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Pulitzer Amsterdam considered pet-friendly? Pulitzer Amsterdam is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Pulitzer Amsterdam. How close is Pulitzer Amsterdam from the Amsterdam city center? The center of Jordaan, Amsterdam, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Pulitzer Amsterdam. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rijksmuseum, which you can get to from Pulitzer Amsterdam using any means of transportation. What is the Pulitzer Amsterdam phone number? The best way to contact Pulitzer Amsterdam is by calling +31 205 235 235. Does Pulitzer Amsterdam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pulitzer Amsterdam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pulitzer Amsterdam? Yes. You should consider staying at Pulitzer Amsterdam if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Pulitzer Amsterdam? The standard check-out time at Pulitzer Amsterdam is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, Amsterdam? Prices at Pulitzer Amsterdam will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 631, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 430. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Pulitzer Amsterdam? Pulitzer Amsterdam does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Pulitzer Amsterdam have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Pulitzer Amsterdam from Van Gogh Museum? You can walk to Van Gogh Museum while staying at Pulitzer Amsterdam - you’ll be about 1.6 km away. Is Pulitzer Amsterdam close to Anne Frank Huis? Pulitzer Amsterdam is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Anne Frank Huis, which is 0.3 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Pulitzer Amsterdam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
