https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Pullman_Bangkok_Hotel_G.htm
Pullman Bangkok Hotel G, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Hotel 188 Silom Road Bangrak, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 804 reviews 8.2 C$ 120 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Situated in Bangkok, Pullman Bangkok Hotel G offers stylish, 5-star accommodation close to MahaNakhon. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. The hotel has a gym with a swim... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 352 4000 All policies Amenities at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Smartphone Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Solarium Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Game room Fitness centre Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Furama Silom Hotel 7.5 Good 533 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated just a few steps from Si Lom, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. It is located in Bangkok, surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is minutes on foot from Chong Nonsi BTS Skytrain Station. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Amara Bangkok Hotel 8.9 Excellent 180/1 Surawong Road, Sipraya, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This contemporary hotel in Bangkok offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop terrace and an infinity pool. It features 5-star rooms with an en suite bathroom equipped with a rain shower. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Furamaxclusive Sathorn, Bangkok 7.9 Good 59 Silom Soi 3 (Piphat 2), Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel FuramaXclusive Sathorn Bangkok provides a modern setting while in Bangkok. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a swimming pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Patpong and MahaNakhon. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom 8.6 Excellent 981 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom is ideal for guests wanting to discover Bangkok and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Pullman Bangkok Hotel G 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 804 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 7.9Families 8.0Solo 8.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date W 7.9 Good wu.jensen, May 2018 Happy & Satisfied. N 7.3 Good Nikos, Jan. 2018 3RD TIME I STAYED IN THIS HOTEL AND WAS THE WORST. WHEN I ARRIVED THE MAN IN THE RECEPTION TOLD ME THAT THE ROOM I HAD BOOKED WAS FULLBOOKED AND I HAD TO PAY A DIFFERNCE FOR HAVE AN UPGRATEDED ROOM ...I BOOKED 3 MONTHS BEFORE MY ARRIVED THERE !!! FINALY HE FOUNDED A ROOM BUT I HAD TO WAIT 3 HOURS FOR GET IN ... M 8.8 Great Michael, Sep. 2017 We stayed here for three nights and couldn't find much to fault. Staff were very good and professional. A special mention to Cherry who checked us in and explained in good detail the hotel and things to do in the local area. The room was very well presented and with excellent views of the city. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in Bangkok for its location and value for money. A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Aug. 2017 great location, very helpful staff which made the trip very pleasant. Photos of Pullman Bangkok Hotel G All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Living room (12) Restaurant (8) Gym (4) Where is Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Most Popular Landmarks Patpong Night Market0.7 km Silom Complex1.0 km Central Plaza Ladprao10.8 km Rajamangala Stadium10.9 km MBK Center2.2 km Central World Plaza2.2 km Getting Around Bangkok Paramont0.1 km Bangkok Chong Nonsi Bts0.4 km Bangkok Queen Saovabha Memorial Institute 20.8 km Bangkok Saovabha Memorial Institute 30.9 km Bangkok Sala Daeng Bts0.9 km Bangkok Mandarin Hotel0.9 km FAQs when booking at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Is pricing at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G is 52% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G is typically C$ 131, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Pullman Bangkok Hotel G to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At 22.6 km away, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is the closest airport to Pullman Bangkok Hotel G. The average expected drive time from Pullman Bangkok Hotel G to Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport is 0h 17m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Pullman Bangkok Hotel G? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Pullman Bangkok Hotel G guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G? Yes, Pullman Bangkok Hotel G has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Pullman Bangkok Hotel G from the Bangkok city center? The center of Suriya Wong, Bangkok, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Pullman Bangkok Hotel G. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Pullman Bangkok Hotel G using any means of transportation. What is the Pullman Bangkok Hotel G phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G please call +66 2 352 4000. Does Pullman Bangkok Hotel G have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Pullman Bangkok Hotel G has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Pullman Bangkok Hotel G. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G, Bangkok? Prices at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 131, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 40. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G? Pullman Bangkok Hotel G does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Pullman Bangkok Hotel G have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Pullman Bangkok Hotel G. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Pullman Bangkok Hotel G Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
