https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Qiu_Hotel_Sukhumvit.htm
Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Hotel 9 Soi Sukhumvit 79, Phrakhanong Nua, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 307 reviews 8.1 C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit is situated amongst Bangkok's well-known restaurants and cafés, just a short walk from On Nut BTS Skytrain Station. The multiple facilities this modern hotel features include a 24-... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.4 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 16.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 730 3277 All policies Amenities at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Shower Slippers Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans TV Free parking Conditioner Pool towels Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Streaming service Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Somerset Ekamai Bangkok 8.6 Excellent Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel The property is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby attractions, such as the Bangkok Planetarium. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a kids club and a swimming pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Bangkok Marriott Hotel Sukhumvit 8.7 Excellent 2 Sukhumvit Soi 57, Klongtan Nua, Wattana, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.9 km from current hotel Providing a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Bangkok Marriott Hotel Sukhumvit is just a five-minute walk from Thong Lo BTS Skytrain Station. It provides views of Bangkok, and offers a rooftop terrace and a sauna. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor 8.3 Excellent 24 Soi Sukhumvit 57, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Situated in Bangkok, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is within walking distance of the Bangkok Planetarium and provides a Jacuzzi and a saltwater swimming pool. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nikko Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 27 Soi Sukhumvit 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Hotel Nikko Bangkok is within a 40-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 309 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.3Solo 8.0Families 8.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date Y 7.9 Good YUK HUNG, Jul. 2018 Some ants at my room. L 8.7 Great Leo, Apr. 2018 Only thing did not like was door not lock properly, everything else was fine. Had plenty hot water, was clean and tidy. Photos of Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit All photos (28) Bedroom (5) Lobby (4) Pool (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San12.7 km Grand Palace12.8 km Central Plaza Ladprao12.9 km Gateway Ekamai Mall2.2 km Terminal 215.6 km Rajamangala Stadium5.8 km Getting Around Bangkok On Nut Bts0.2 km Bangkok Bang Chak Bts1.3 km Bangkok Phra Khanong Bts1.4 km Bangkok Bus stop Opposite Soi Ratchakru10.0 km Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop10.0 km Bangkok Ari Bts10.1 km FAQs when booking at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Is pricing at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit is 71% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit is typically C$ 38, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? At just 22.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit? Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit from the Bangkok city center? The center of Phra Khanong, Bangkok, is just 1.6 km away from the front doors of Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit using any means of transportation. What is the Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +66 2 730 3277 to talk to a Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit front desk representative. Does Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit. What is the check-out time at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit, Bangkok? Prices at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 38, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 23. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit? Yes - Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit have a laundry service? Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Qiu Hotel Sukhumvit Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
