https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Quality_Inn_Near_Hollywood_Walk_of_Fame.htm
Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Hotel 1520 North La Brea Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 446 reviews 6.6 C$ 194 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out featur... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.7 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 18.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 464 3243 All policies Amenities at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Seating area Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower chair Dining room Adapted bath Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access Enhanced cleaning Balcony Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Show more Activities Hiking Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,555 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Hollywood and Highland Youth Hostel 7038 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Los Angeles, Hollywood Highland Hotel and Hostel is a five-minute walk from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and provides a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. Only a short walk from the Grauman's Chinese Theatre, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals The Hollywood Roosevelt 8.2 Excellent 7000 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Roosevelt offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a bowling alley. C$ 373 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Drive Hostel 8.4 Excellent 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,292 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 446 verified guest reviews 6.4Families 7.0Solo 6.8Couples 6.2Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame All photos (32) Bedroom (20) Bathroom (6) Building (1) Front desk (1) Where is Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.5 km Hollywood Boulevard1.1 km Hollywood and Vine1.7 km Dodger Stadium10.0 km California Science Center10.7 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.8 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.4 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn1.1 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel1.1 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California10.1 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California10.2 km FAQs when booking at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame How close is Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 18.4 km between Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 28/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame? Yes, Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame from the Los Angeles city center? Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame is just 1.6 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. From Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame please call +1 323 464 3243. Does Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame? Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame, Los Angeles? Usually Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame room prices are around C$ 240/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 132/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame, Los Angeles. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame is a good place to stay to see Hollywood Walk of Fame. It’s 0.5 km away. Is Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame close to Hollywood Boulevard? The distance from Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame to Hollywood Boulevard is 1.1 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 Quality Inn Near Hollywood Walk of Fame Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
