https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Quality_Inn_Suites_Downtown_Charlottetown.htm
Quality Inn & Suites Downtown, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Hotel 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 54 reviews 8.6 C$ 143 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those stayin... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 5.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 894 8572 All policies Amenities at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Wedding services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Suites of Euston 155 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Charlottetown, Suites of Euston is within a 15-minute drive of Charlottetown Airport and offers a rooftop terrace and outdoor tennis courts. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Fairholm National Historic Inn provides a comfortable setting when in Charlottetown. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Mermaid Suites 143 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Mermaid Suites is situated in Charlottetown and is a short stroll from Province House and St. Dunstan's Basilica. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals The Sonata Inn 8.9 Excellent 3 Grafton St, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Sonata Inn is situated in Charlottetown and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Glendenning Hall 9.4 Excellent 331 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Glendenning Hall at Holland College is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as Province House. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 54 verified guest reviews 9.5Solo 8.7Friends 8.5Families 8.5Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Quality Inn & Suites Downtown All photos (57) Bedroom (33) Living room (5) Building (4) Other (3) Where is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.7 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum1.0 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.2 km FAQs when booking at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown How close is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? With no traffic, the 5.4 km drive between Quality Inn & Suites Downtown and Charlottetown Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 04m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Quality Inn & Suites Downtown? Quality Inn & Suites Downtown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Charlottetown, renting a car for around C$ 59/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Charlottetown Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Quality Inn & Suites Downtown during their stay. How close is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown from the Charlottetown city center? Quality Inn & Suites Downtown is 0.1 km away from Charlottetown. Consider visiting The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Quality Inn & Suites Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Quality Inn & Suites Downtown phone number? For questions about Quality Inn & Suites Downtown and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 902 894 8572. Does Quality Inn & Suites Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Quality Inn & Suites Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown? The standard check-out time at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown, Charlottetown? On average, guests have been paying C$ 137 per night to stay at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 111 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Quality Inn & Suites Downtown? There is a restaurant located in Quality Inn & Suites Downtown. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Quality Inn & Suites Downtown have a laundry service? Quality Inn & Suites Downtown does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown from Confederation Centre of the Arts? Quality Inn & Suites Downtown is a good place to stay to see Confederation Centre of the Arts. It’s 0.4 km away. Is Quality Inn & Suites Downtown close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? Quality Inn & Suites Downtown is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation, which is 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
