https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Quarters_on_DOT_by_Short_Term_Rentals_Boston.htm
Quarters on DOT by Thatch, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Quarters on DOT by Thatch Quarters on DOT by Thatch Apartment Boston, MA, United States OkayBased on 104 reviews 5.8 C$ 159 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Quarters on DOT by Thatch Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Quarters on DOT by Thatch Quarters on DOT by Short Term Rentals Boston is situated in Boston and features complimentary wireless internet. It provides a shared kitchen, and is a brief stroll from Dorchester Heights. T... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.0 km Rating 5.8 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Quarters on DOT by Thatch Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Electric kettle Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Linens Towels Adults only Fire extinguisher Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Toaster Toilet Shampoo Toilet paper Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Clothes rack Heating Shower Trash cans Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Tumble dryer Oven TV Conditioner Desk Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Washing machine Alarm clock Key card access Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Quarters on DOT by Thatch Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Quarters on DOT by Thatch Seaport Boston Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Boston 8.0 Excellent 69 Boston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express Boston provides a comfortable setting while in Boston. It features a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Yotel Boston 7.9 Good 65 Seaport Boulevard, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.8 km from current hotel YOTEL Boston offers comfortable accommodation and is a brief walk from Courthouse Bus Station. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside 7.6 Good 240 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Boston Bayside offers modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from JFK-UMass MBTA Subway Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Quarters on DOT by Thatch 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 104 verified guest reviews 5.4Families 5.9Friends 6.3Solo 5.5Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Quarters on DOT by Thatch All photos (1) Outdoors view (1) Where is Quarters on DOT by Thatch Most Popular Landmarks Boston Common2.7 km Quincy Market2.8 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace2.8 km Copley Place3.1 km Prudential Center3.3 km TD Garden3.7 km Getting Around Boston South Station2.0 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave2.0 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave2.1 km Boston TWS2.3 km Boston 85 Bedford St2.3 km Boston Park Plaza2.6 km FAQs when booking at Quarters on DOT by Thatch How close is Quarters on DOT by Thatch to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 4.5 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Quarters on DOT by Thatch. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 03m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Quarters on DOT by Thatch? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Quarters on DOT by Thatch guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Boston. How close is Quarters on DOT by Thatch from the Boston city center? Quarters on DOT by Thatch is 0.3 km away from the center of South Boston, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Science, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Quarters on DOT by Thatch by various forms of transportation. Does Quarters on DOT by Thatch have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Quarters on DOT by Thatch has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Quarters on DOT by Thatch? The standard check-out time at Quarters on DOT by Thatch is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Quarters on DOT by Thatch, Boston? Prices at Quarters on DOT by Thatch will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 161, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 121. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is Quarters on DOT by Thatch from New England Aquarium? New England Aquarium in Boston is 2.6 km away from Quarters on DOT by Thatch. Is Quarters on DOT by Thatch close to Boston Common? If you want to see Boston Common while visiting Boston, Quarters on DOT by Thatch is just 2.7 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Quarters on DOT by Thatch Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
