https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Queen_Kapiolani_Hotel.htm
Queen Kapiolani Hotel, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Queen Kapiolani Hotel Queen Kapiolani Hotel Hotel 150 Kapahulu Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 2,027 reviews 8.4 C$ 302 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Queen Kapiolani Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Queen Kapiolani Hotel Commanding views of Diamond Head, Queen Kapiolani Hotel is moments from Honolulu's attractions and landmarks. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a rooftop terrace, an outdoo... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.7 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 12.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 922 1941 All policies Amenities at Queen Kapiolani Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Queen Kapiolani Hotel Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Queen Kapiolani Hotel Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel 7.1 Good 134 Kapahulu Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Castle Waikiki Grand Hotel is situated in Honolulu and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an outdoor pool and a swimming pool. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Ewa Hotel Waikiki 7.1 Good 2555 Cartwright Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ewa Hotel Waikiki is located in Honolulu and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also offers a rooftop terrace, plus views of the ocean. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Park Shore Waikiki 8.1 Excellent 2586 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This affordable resort is located in Waikiki, only a few moments on foot from Kuhio Beach Park. It offers free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and valet parking. C$ 298 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Sand Villa Hotel 7.4 Good 2375 Ala Wai Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.9 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Queen Kapiolani Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 2,027 verified guest reviews 8.3Couples 8.4Families 8.6Solo 8.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date 8 8.8 Great 8182mj, Nov. 2019 Loved that it wasn’t directly on the main road as we enjoyed the quiet. Great staff and wonderful pool and workout facilities. Clean rooms. Food was good food, but pricey like everything else in Waikiki. P 5.3 Passable pato888, Aug. 2018 The staff at reception were rude, the hotel is under construction, and there was no allowances made for this. People kept getting stuck in the lift, so we were always anxious getting in, and the last few days there was no internet. The cafe one day had decaf coffee, next day not, next day yes, then not etc. There was no kettle in the room, which is standard, and no mini bar. Photos of Queen Kapiolani Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Balcony (8) Living room (6) Lobby (4) Where is Queen Kapiolani Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Honolulu Zoo0.3 km Kuhio Beach Park0.4 km Waikiki Beach1.0 km FAQs when booking at Queen Kapiolani Hotel How close is Queen Kapiolani Hotel to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 12.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to Queen Kapiolani Hotel is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Queen Kapiolani Hotel? Queen Kapiolani Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Honolulu, renting a car for around C$ 58/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Honolulu Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Queen Kapiolani Hotel considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Queen Kapiolani Hotel during their stay. Is there a pool at Queen Kapiolani Hotel? Yes, Queen Kapiolani Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Queen Kapiolani Hotel from the Honolulu city center? Queen Kapiolani Hotel is just 0.5 km away from the center of Diamond Head, Honolulu. From Queen Kapiolani Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Pearl Harbor. What is the Queen Kapiolani Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 808 922 1941. Does Queen Kapiolani Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Queen Kapiolani Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Queen Kapiolani Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Queen Kapiolani Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Queen Kapiolani Hotel? Queen Kapiolani Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Queen Kapiolani Hotel, Honolulu? C$ 136 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Queen Kapiolani Hotel, with average deals around C$ 321 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Queen Kapiolani Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Queen Kapiolani Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Queen Kapiolani Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Queen Kapiolani Hotel, Honolulu. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Queen Kapiolani Hotel from Diamond Head State Monument? You can walk to Diamond Head State Monument while staying at Queen Kapiolani Hotel - you’ll be about 2 km away. Is Queen Kapiolani Hotel close to Fort DeRussy? Fort DeRussy is also a popular place to see in Honolulu. It is 1.6 km from Queen Kapiolani Hotel. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Queen Kapiolani Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
