https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Radisson_Blu_Edwardian_Kenilworth_Hotel_London.htm
Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Hotel 97 Great Russell Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 2,254 reviews 8.0 C$ 281 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel London is a modern hotel situated in a popular tourist area, within 10 minutes' stroll to West End of London. It is moments from the British Museum and Central ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 637 3477 All policies Amenities at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Video conferencing Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Radisson Blu Edwardian Bloomsbury Street Hotel, London 8.4 Excellent 9-13 Bloomsbury Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Radisson Blu Edwardian Bloomsbury Street Hotel London is situated near the British Museum and only a few steps from local restaurants, bars and shops. It is located a short stroll from Tottenham Court Road. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals St Giles London - A St Giles Hotel 6.9 Good Bedford Avenue, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in London, St Giles London - A St Giles Hotel is a five-minute walk from the British Museum and offers extensive dining options and access to leisure facilities. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Bedford Hotel 9.6 Excellent Southampton Row, 83-95, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Bedford Hotel London offers peaceful accommodation in London and is conveniently close to Russell Square Tube Station. It is situated a brief stroll from the British Museum and Central Saint Giles. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals The Rathbone Hotel, Fitzrovia 8.7 Excellent 30 Rathbone Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, shops and restaurants, Rathbone Hotel is ideal for those wishing to discover London and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 2,254 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.2Couples 8.0Friends 7.8Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London All photos (40) Bedroom (16) Conference room (8) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Most Popular Landmarks British Museum0.2 km Bloomsbury Square0.4 km Leicester Square0.8 km Piccadilly Circus1.0 km Oxford Circus1.0 km Trafalgar Square1.1 km Getting Around London Russel Square0.5 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)0.6 km London Piccadilly Circus1.0 km London Euston1.2 km London Embankment1.2 km London Charing Cross1.2 km FAQs when booking at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Is pricing at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London comparable to 4 star hotels in London? Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in London. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 418 per night in London. Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London will run you C$ 340 per night, which is 40% cheaper than the London average. How close is Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With no traffic, the 23.3 km drive between Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London and London Heathrow Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 18m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London from the London city center? The center of Bloomsbury, London, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tower Bridge, which you can get to from Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London using any means of transportation. What is the Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 637 3477 to talk to a Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London front desk representative. Does Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London? Yes, Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London? Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London, London? A good deal at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London right now is between C$ 89 and C$ 340 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London, London. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London that can be used by guests. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London from Hyde Park? Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London is a good place to stay to see Hyde Park. It’s 3.2 km away. Is Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London close to London Bridge? Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit London Bridge, which is 3 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Radisson Blu Edwardian Kenilworth Hotel, London Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
