https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Radisson_Admiral_Toronto_Harbourfront.htm
Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Hotel 249 Queens Quay West, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,658 reviews 8.2 C$ 157 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a beauty centre. Guests can enjoy a rang... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Torrington Distance to airport 2017.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 203 3333 All policies Amenities at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Gift shop Seating area Elevator Ironing service Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Room service Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Snack bar Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna City view Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Spa Beauty salon Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 583 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 661 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 556 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto 8.6 Excellent 75 Lower Simcoe Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 262 Avg. per night View Deals Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Toronto Centre, An IHG Hotel 8.4 Excellent 225 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 267 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 343 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,658 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.3Solo 8.1Couples 8.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown All photos (28) Bedroom (9) Conference room (3) Bathroom (2) Lobby (2) Where is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Rogers Centre0.4 km CN Tower0.4 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.4 km Scotiabank Arena0.7 km Union Station0.8 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres1.6 km Getting Around Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre0.3 km Toronto Union Station0.8 km Toronto Union - Bus1.9 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.8 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.7 km Toronto Weston12.3 km FAQs when booking at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Is pricing at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? Hotels in Toronto that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 280/night, but on average, Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown is available for 41% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown for C$ 221/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Toronto. How close is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 19.3 km between Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown during their stay. Is there a pool at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown? Yes, Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown from the Toronto city center? Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown is 0.6 km away from the center of Entertainment District, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 416 203 3333. Does Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown? Yes, Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown, Toronto? Usually Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown room prices are around C$ 221/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 94/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown? There is a restaurant located in Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown, Toronto. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown from Rogers Centre? The popular Rogers Centre is just over 0.4 km from Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown. Is Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown close to Royal Ontario Museum? Walking distance - there’s 3.3 km between Royal Ontario Museum and Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Radisson Blu Toronto Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
