https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ramada_Plaza_by_Wyndham_Waikiki.htm
Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Hotel 1830 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 1,081 reviews 7.9 C$ 234 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki provides a comfortable setting while in Honolulu. It has a gym, as well as outdoor tennis courts, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. Guests of this 3-star hotel c... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.5 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 10.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 955 1111 All policies Amenities at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Tennis Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 804 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Aqua Palms Waikiki 7.8 Good 1850 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Aqua Palms Waikiki provides an elegant setting when in Honolulu. It also features a 24-hour business centre, porters and a swimming pool. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals Palms Waikiki #412 8.4 Excellent Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Palms Waikiki 412 offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. It is ideally located for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vacations Club Grand Waikikian Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 1811 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a private beach and a Jacuzzi, Grand Waikikian by Hilton Grand Vacations Club is situated in Honolulu and is a brief stroll from Waikiki Beach. It also offers a kids club, water slides and valet parking. C$ 582 Avg. per night View Deals Ilikai Hotel & Luxury Suites 8.2 Excellent 1777 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ilikai Hotel & Luxury Suites features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool, along with rooms with hydromassage showers. This award-winning resort is situated in Waikiki. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.0 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 371 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 529 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 1,327 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,076 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.0Friends 8.0Solo 7.8Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki All photos (43) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (5) Pool (4) Business centre (3) Where is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach1.2 km Kuhio Beach Park1.8 km Honolulu Zoo2.5 km FAQs when booking at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Is pricing at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki comparable to 3 star hotels in Honolulu? The average rate for a night at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki is 28% less than the Honolulu average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki is typically C$ 246, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Honolulu. How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 10.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki is 0h 07m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Honolulu, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Honolulu Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki using any means of transportation. What is the Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki phone number? For questions about Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 808 955 1111. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki. What is the check-out time at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki, Honolulu? C$ 55 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki, with average deals around C$ 246 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki? Yes, food can be ordered from the Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki from Honolulu Museum of Art? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki is a walkable distance (2.5 km) from Honolulu Museum of Art, Honolulu. Is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki close to Fort DeRussy? If you want to see Fort DeRussy while visiting Honolulu, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki is just 0.7 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Waikiki Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
