https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ramada_by_Wyndham_Ottawa_On_The_Rideau_Hotel.htm
Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Hotel 2259 Prince of Wales Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 859 reviews 7.1 C$ 146 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Situated in Ottawa, Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Hotel offers modern 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. The various amenities this historic hotel... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.7 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 2.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 288 3500 All policies Amenities at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Fishing Golf Canoeing Fitness centre Playground Water sport facilities (on site) Boating Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Wedding services All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 8.0 Excellent 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 271 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Sandman Signature Ottawa Airport Hotel 8.4 Excellent 250 West Hunt Club Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Sandman Signature Ottawa Airport Hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Ottawa. Guests can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet. C$ 180 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Ottawa Airport 7.6 Good 366 Hunt Club Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Conveniently located within Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel provides comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and meeting rooms. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport, ON, CN 8.5 Excellent 2869 Gibford Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel The hotel offers 2-star accommodation in Ottawa, just moments from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Albert At Bay Suite Hotel 435 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This elegant Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Lebreton Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 859 verified guest reviews 7.2Solo 6.8Families 7.2Couples 7.5Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau All photos (38) Bedroom (9) Other (6) Outdoors view (4) Buffet (3) Where is Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade10.0 km Confederation Park10.5 km Rideau Centre10.7 km Ottawa Art Gallery10.8 km Laurier House11.2 km St. Laurent Centre11.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Kent / Queen10.2 km Ottawa Slater / Bank10.2 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon10.2 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe10.3 km Ottawa10.5 km Ottawa Rideau Centre10.7 km FAQs when booking at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau How close is Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At 2.6 km away, Ottawa Airport is the closest airport to Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau. The average expected drive time from Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau to Ottawa Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 54/day and parking it at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Ottawa can always take the shuttle from Ottawa Airport which is provided by Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Ottawa Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau from the Ottawa city center? Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau is 1.7 km away from the center of Nepean, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian War Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau by various forms of transportation. What is the Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau phone number? You can reach the front desk of Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau at +1 613 288 3500. Does Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau? Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau, Ottawa? Prices at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 139, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 87. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau? Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau from Nepean Sportsplex? Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau is a good place to stay to see Nepean Sportsplex. It’s 3.3 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Ottawa Hotels 524 Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
