https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Grand_View_Hotel_Hong_Kong.htm
Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Hotel No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 591 reviews 6.7 C$ 47 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. More Good to Know To Downtown 4.8 km Rating 6.7 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2130 3388 All policies Amenities at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Sea view Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in North Point, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour provides 5-star accommodation and a sauna, an infinity pool and free Wi-Fi. There is also a gym with a steam room, an infinity pool and a sauna. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals City Garden Hotel 9 City Garden Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel City Garden Hotel Hong Kong is situated in North Point and provides guests with a range of premium amenities including a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It features 4-star rooms with views of the city. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Hong Kong North Point 7.1 Good 138 Java Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Ibis North Point offers 3-star accommodation in North Point. The various amenities this modern hotel features include an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a coffee bar. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alexandra 6.9 Good 32 City Garden Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This modern hotel is located in North Point, and offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a seasonal outdoor swimming pool. It is surrounded by a range of dining options and is within a five-minute walk of Fortress Hill Station. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel 8.0 Excellent Block 41, Mei Ho House, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This cosy 3-star hostel is located within a 10-minute walk of Shek Kip Mei Station and provides a rooftop terrace. It is close to North Kowloon Magistracy, eateries and shops. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 591 verified guest reviews 6.7Solo 6.7Families 6.6Couples 6.2Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date D 8.1 Great dazcasey, Aug. 2018 good friendly service from staff rooms good size for Hong Kong which were clean the hotel location is about five minutes from MTR station only negative is the street outside the hotel can get smelly due to wet market L 8.4 Great Lloyd craig, Jul. 2018 Had a very nice stat at the hotel, the only issue was that the rooftop pool was under repair, it would have been nice to know that prior to booking, I also had an issue with the room, upon arrival I was told that the queen bed room that I booked was not available and they offered me a twin room for me and my wife, I was not happy with that so they did give me a top floor room for the rest of my stay, overall it was a good hotel with good rooms, very good position on Hong Kong island. A 7.0 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2016 I would like to say that this hotel using the old photo and unrelated photo for the room Listed in their website. I was told during check-in that the photo I saw in their website is not the room i booked (deluxe room). The photo shows that there is a mini kitchen in the deluxe room but the staff told me that it is actually no mini kitchen in that room. I was shocked and asking with the staff and the manager. Although the manager arranged the room with mini kitchen for me at last, I still think that their photos listed in their website which are not updated or unrelated is a bit misleading their customers. And the manner of the manager is a bit not that good as he thinks that I am making trouble for refund. What I wanna to say that their photos in their website are misleading their customers because it is unrelated and not updated. I really hope that your company can help us to request them to update their website in order to avoid any other similar cases happen in the future. Photos of Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View All photos (35) Bedroom (10) Conference room (4) Restaurant (4) Building (3) Where is Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Most Popular Landmarks Hong Kong Disneyland16.3 km Times Square2.1 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower2.9 km AsiaWorld-Expo26.2 km Tin Shui Wai Park27.2 km Harbour City3.0 km Getting Around Hong Kong Tsuen Wan13.1 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station2.0 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station3.4 km Hong Kong Cz3.9 km FAQs when booking at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Is pricing at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View comparable to 4 star hotels in Hong Kong? Nightly rates at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View will generally be 67% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Hong Kong. When staying at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 56/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Hong Kong for a 4-stars hotel. Is there a pool at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View? Yes. Many people visiting Hong Kong look for a hotel with a pool. Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View from the Hong Kong city center? The center of North Point, Hong Kong, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ocean Park, which you can get to from Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View using any means of transportation. What is the Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +852 2130 3388 to talk to a Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View front desk representative. Does Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View, Hong Kong? A good deal at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View right now is between C$ 38 and C$ 56 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
