https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ramada_Plaza_by_Wyndham_Montreal.htm
Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Hotel 6445 Boulevard Decarie, Montreal, QC, Canada GoodBased on 373 reviews 6.3 C$ 253 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Located in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool. It also provides an express check-in and check-out featur... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.4 km Rating 6.3 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 739 3800 All policies Amenities at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Indoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Street parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Hotel Ruby Foo's 7.4 Good 7655 Decarie Boulevard, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor heated pool and a sauna, Hotel Ruby Foo's is situated in Montreal and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of De La Savane Station. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Zum Résidences Université Montréal 4.0 Okay 2450 Edouard-Montpetit Blvd., Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Montreal offers free Wi-Fi, as well as a beauty centre and a swimming pool. It is located a short walk from CEPSUM and Universite de Montreal. C$ 418 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge St. Jacques 8.1 Excellent 6120 St-Jacques Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Located in Montreal, Auberge St Jacques is within a 10-minute drive of Lachine Canal and offers on-site parking. It also features a 24-hour reception, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport 6.8 Good 6600 Cote De Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a sauna. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.3 OkayBased on 373 verified guest reviews 6.5Families 6.5Solo 6.0Friends 6.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal All photos (47) Bedroom (16) Conference room (5) Restaurant (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Montreal Olympic Park10.3 km Stade olympique10.4 km Parc olympique10.6 km Biodôme de Montréal10.6 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal5.2 km Stade Percival-Molson5.4 km Getting Around Montreal Saint-Lambert10.8 km Montreal Métro Radisson13.6 km Montreal Kirkland17.0 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles23.3 km Montreal Jean-Talon5.9 km Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph5.9 km FAQs when booking at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 8.8 km drive between Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 06m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal? Yes, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal from the Montreal city center? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal is just 1.1 km away from the center of Côte-des-Neiges-Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, Montreal. From Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Vieux-Port de Montréal. What is the Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 739 3800 to talk to a Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal front desk representative. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal, Montreal? A good deal at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal right now is between C$ 208 and C$ 228 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal? There is a restaurant located in Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
