https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ramada_Plaza_Calgary_Downtown.htm
Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Hotel 708 8th Avenue South West, Calgary, AB, Canada GoodBased on 657 reviews 7.0 C$ 125 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Providing a Jacuzzi, an outdoor heated pool and a rooftop terrace, Ramada Plaza Calgary Downtown is situated in Calgary and is a brief stroll from Eighth Avenue Place. It is set amongst a range of din... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 9.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 263 7600 All policies Amenities at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Private bathroom 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Hiking Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 251 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Sandman Signature Calgary Downtown Hotel 7.7 Good 888 7th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The hotel is situated in Calgary and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as Calgary Courts Centre, Eighth Avenue Place and Devonian Gardens. It also offers an indoor pool, a ballroom and a sauna. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Calgary Downtown Hotel & Suites By Apa 8.1 Excellent 610 4th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Regency Suites Hotel Calgary provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It is steps from Downtown Calgary, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Nuvo Hotel Suites 8.8 Excellent 827 12th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel NUVO Hotel Suites is set in Calgary and is within a 10-minute walk of 10 Street Southwest Station. It provides free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Calgary 7.9 Good 320 4th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel The Westin Calgary is set in Calgary and is close to nearby attractions, including Chinatown and The Bow. It also has a gym, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 657 verified guest reviews 7.1Solo 7.2Couples 6.6Families 7.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown All photos (39) Bedroom (8) Bathroom (5) Building (4) Gym (3) Where is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Downtown Calgary0.6 km Central Memorial Park0.7 km Eau Claire Market Mall0.8 km TELUS Spark0.8 km Calgary Tower1.0 km Olympic Plaza1.2 km Getting Around Calgary 205 9 Ave SE1.2 km Calgary Greyhound Terminal1.6 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn1.6 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne1.9 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station10.2 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino12.6 km FAQs when booking at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Is pricing at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown comparable to 3 star hotels in Calgary? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Calgary. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 131 per night in Calgary. Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown will run you C$ 130 per night, which is 26% cheaper than the Calgary average. How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? There are 9.7 km between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown? Getting from Calgary Airport to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Calgary. Luckily, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. Is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown considered pet-friendly? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown. Is there a pool at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown? Yes, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown from the Calgary city center? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown is just 0.5 km away from the center of Downtown, Calgary. From Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as McMahon Stadium. What is the Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown please call +1 403 263 7600. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown? Yes, there is a gym available to Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown, Calgary? A good deal at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown right now is between C$ 88 and C$ 130 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown? Yes - Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown from Calgary Tower? The popular Calgary Tower is just over 1 km from Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown. Is Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown close to Stampede Park? Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Stampede Park, which is 1.9 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
