https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ramee_Rose_Hotel.htm
Ramee Rose Hotel, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Ramee Rose Hotel Ramee Rose Hotel Hotel Tecom, al Barsha P.O.Box, 26816, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,302 reviews 6.1 C$ 84 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ramee Rose Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Ramee Rose Hotel Ramee Rose Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in Dubai. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. This elegant hotel offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee ... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.6 km Rating 6.1 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 25.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 1:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4450 0111 All policies Amenities at Ramee Rose Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Private entrance Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Darts Fitness centre Pool table Massage Services Business secretarial services Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Ramee Rose Hotel Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 372 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Ramee Rose Hotel Media Rotana 7.6 Good Al Barsha, off Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing an on-site night club and a beauty salon, Media Rotana Hotel is situated in Dubai and boasts 5-star accommodation. Guests also have exclusive access to the Infinity SPA and Bodylines Fitness centre. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Atana Hotel 7.8 Good Tecom, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Boasting a swimming pool and a sauna, Atana Hotel is situated in Dubai and provides comfortable accommodation. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel offers comfortable 4-star rooms and a lounge bar. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals First Central Hotel Suites 8.1 Excellent Tecom, Al Barsha 3, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, First Central Hotel Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and facial treatments. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Metro Central Dubai 8.5 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Citadines Metro Central Apartments offers a modern setting in Dubai and has a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking on-site. There is also a fitness centre with a cross trainer, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ramee Rose Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.1 OkayBased on 1,298 verified guest reviews 5.8Solo 5.8Friends 6.2Families 6.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ramee Rose Hotel All photos (38) Bedroom (6) Spa (6) Living room (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Ramee Rose Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse14.1 km The Dubai Fountain14.6 km Burj Khalifa14.6 km Dubai Mall14.9 km Emirates Towers16.8 km Al Karama21.0 km Getting Around Dubai Etihad Bus Station19.9 km Dubai Np21.0 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus23.6 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station4.1 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach45.6 km FAQs when booking at Ramee Rose Hotel Is pricing at Ramee Rose Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? Hotels in Dubai that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 176/night, but on average, Ramee Rose Hotel is available for 60% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Ramee Rose Hotel for C$ 96/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Dubai. How close is Ramee Rose Hotel to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 25.3 km between Ramee Rose Hotel and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 19m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Ramee Rose Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Ramee Rose Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Ramee Rose Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Ramee Rose Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Ramee Rose Hotel from the Dubai city center? The center of Barsha Heights, Dubai, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Ramee Rose Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Gold Souq, which you can get to from Ramee Rose Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Ramee Rose Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4450 0111 to talk to a Ramee Rose Hotel front desk representative. Does Ramee Rose Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ramee Rose Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ramee Rose Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Ramee Rose Hotel. What is the check-out time at Ramee Rose Hotel? Ramee Rose Hotel check-out time is 1:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Ramee Rose Hotel, Dubai? Prices at Ramee Rose Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 96, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 62. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Ramee Rose Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Ramee Rose Hotel for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Ramee Rose Hotel have a laundry service? Ramee Rose Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Ramee Rose Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
