https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Raw_Culture_Art_Lofts_Bairro_Alto.htm
Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Aparthotel Rua Das Gáveas, 103, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 304 reviews 9.4 C$ 242 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is an ideal base while in Lisbon. It is moments from Bairro Alto and nightlife and shopping options. Thi... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 9.4 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 211 155 863 All policies Amenities at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private apartment in building Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Smartphone Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Child-safety socket covers Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Services Babysitting or child care Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Chiado Mercy Apartments | Lisbon Best Apartments 9.5 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Centrally located, Chiado Mercy Apartments Lisbon Best Apartments allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular tourist and retail hot spots. It also offers an airport shuttle, luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Myroom Lisboa Rua Nova da Trindade, 22, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, MyRoom Lisboa offers easy access to Lisbon's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Borges Chiado 7.9 Good Rua Garrett, 108-110, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Hotel Borges Chiado allows for easy access to Lisbon's main sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple facilities this modern hotel offers include a coffee bar, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.4 ExcellentBased on 304 verified guest reviews 9.3Couples 9.4Families 9.6Solo 9.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto All photos (39) Bedroom (13) Living room (9) Other (7) Bathroom (2) Where is Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Most Popular Landmarks Chiado Museum0.3 km Elevador de Santa Justa0.4 km Jardim Botânico0.8 km Castelo de São Jorge0.9 km Sé de Lisboa1.0 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.9 km Getting Around Lisbon Rossio0.3 km Lisbon Restauradores0.3 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.7 km Lisbon Cais do Sodré0.7 km Lisbon Avenida0.8 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias1.0 km FAQs when booking at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Is pricing at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto comparable to 5 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 22% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto. The rate at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is just C$ 334/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 7.1 km drive between Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 05m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto from the Lisbon city center? Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is 0.2 km away from the center of Bairro Alto, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto by various forms of transportation. What is the Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto phone number? The best way to contact Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto is by calling +351 211 155 863. Does Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto? Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto, Lisbon? Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 334/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 178/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto, Lisbon. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto from Sé de Lisboa? Sé de Lisboa in Lisbon is 1 km away from Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto. Is Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto close to Chiado Museum? 0.3 km - making Chiado Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Raw Culture Art & Lofts Bairro Alto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
