https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Real_Inn_Cancun.htm
Real Inn Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Real Inn Cancun Real Inn Cancun Hotel Km 5.5 Boulevard Kukulkán, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 2,243 reviews 7.6 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Real Inn Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Real Inn Cancun Situated in Cancun, Real Inn Cancun offers 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. There are a range of facilities available to ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.5 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 15.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 1:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 283 0400 All policies Amenities at Real Inn Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Private pool ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Fitness room Snack bar Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Health club 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Real Inn Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 734 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 732 Avg. per night View Deals The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 15-minute walk of Maya Cancun Museum and Aquaworld. Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins are also within 2 mi (3 km). C$ 282 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Real Inn Cancun Riu Caribe 7.2 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 5.5, Lote 6-c, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Riu Caribe All Inclusive is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation and views of the ocean. C$ 338 Avg. per night View Deals Riu Palace Peninsula 8.6 Excellent Blvd Kukulkan, Km 5.5 Lote 6-C, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Riu Palace Peninsula All Inclusive provides modern 5-star accommodation in Cancun. It has a spa, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 372 Avg. per night View Deals The Royal Cancun - All Suites Resort 8.6 Excellent Kukulcan Boulevard Km 4.5 Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor heated pool and a private beach. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and free Wi-Fi. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Palm 7.4 Good Blvd. Kukulcan Km 4.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Boasting outdoor tennis courts and a private beach, Oasis Palm - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It has a day spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is situated centrally in Cancun and is just moments from Cancun Bus Station. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 360 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 727 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.6 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Real Inn Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 2,248 verified guest reviews 7.7Families 7.6Solo 7.5Couples 7.7Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Real Inn Cancun All photos (60) Bedroom (21) Building (7) Pool (7) Restaurant (7) Where is Real Inn Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas1.0 km Playa Gaviota Azul3.5 km Puerto Cancun3.6 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun8.6 km Playa Delfines9.2 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Nautilus1.6 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.3 km Cancún Plaza Commercial Kabah10.6 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.5 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort11.7 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach12.4 km FAQs when booking at Real Inn Cancun How close is Real Inn Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Real Inn Cancun is 15.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Real Inn Cancun? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 18/day and parking it at Real Inn Cancun where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Real Inn Cancun guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Cancún. Is there a pool at Real Inn Cancun? Yes, Real Inn Cancun has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Real Inn Cancun from the Cancún city center? Real Inn Cancun is 2.2 km away from the center of Hotel Zone, Cancún. Consider visiting Playa Delfines, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Real Inn Cancun by various forms of transportation. What is the Real Inn Cancun phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +52 998 283 0400 to talk to a Real Inn Cancun front desk representative. Does Real Inn Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Real Inn Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Real Inn Cancun? Yes, Real Inn Cancun has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Real Inn Cancun? Check-out should be before 1:00 PM. For checking in at Real Inn Cancun, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Real Inn Cancun, Cancún? Prices at Real Inn Cancun will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 131, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 70. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Real Inn Cancun? There is a restaurant located in Real Inn Cancun. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Real Inn Cancun have a laundry service? Real Inn Cancun does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Real Inn Cancun from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Delphinus Punta Cancún in Cancún is 3.8 km away from Real Inn Cancun. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,731 Real Inn Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
