https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Red_Carpet_Inn_Banff.htm
Red Carpet Inn, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Red Carpet Inn Red Carpet Inn Hotel 425 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada GoodBased on 1,371 reviews 7.7 C$ 117 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Red Carpet Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Red Carpet Inn Red Carpet Inn Banff is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is ideal for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just mom... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 108.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 4184 All policies Amenities at Red Carpet Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room No smoking Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Ice skating Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Ski pass vendor Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Red Carpet Inn Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 487 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Red Carpet Inn High Country Inn 8.6 Excellent 419 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Banff, High Country Inn Banff is an easy drive from Canmore and provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Irwin's Mountain Inn 7.8 Good 429 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast 8.0 Excellent 437 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel A Good Nite's Rest Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable setting while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Ywca Banff Hotel 7.2 Good 102 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Situated in Banff National Park, this unique hotel is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is located in Banff’s vibrant nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from the Banff Park Museum. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 176 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Red Carpet Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,371 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.6Couples 7.6Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 6.8 Okay Anonymous, Jun. 2017 pro good location con over charged Photos of Red Carpet Inn All photos (60) Bedroom (24) Building (10) Bathroom (6) Other (5) Where is Red Carpet Inn Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum0.9 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.2 km Sunshine Village15.4 km Banff Springs Golf Club2.3 km Upper Hot Springs3.4 km Mount Norquay5.1 km Getting Around Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.0 km Banff Banff, Ab0.6 km Banff Mount Royal0.7 km Banff Banff Ave0.9 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.9 km Banff Ywca1.1 km FAQs when booking at Red Carpet Inn Is Red Carpet Inn considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Red Carpet Inn during their stay. What is the Red Carpet Inn phone number? You can reach the front desk of Red Carpet Inn at +1 403 762 4184. Does Red Carpet Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Red Carpet Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Red Carpet Inn? Red Carpet Inn check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Red Carpet Inn, Banff? On average, guests have been paying C$ 163 per night to stay at Red Carpet Inn. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 67 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Red Carpet Inn have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Red Carpet Inn that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Red Carpet Inn from Banff Park Museum? The popular Banff Park Museum is just over 0.9 km from Red Carpet Inn. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Red Carpet Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
