https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Red_Rock_Casino_Resort_Spa.htm
Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Resort 11011 West Charleston Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 149 reviews 8.3 C$ 218 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa The award-winning Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa boasts a 3 acre pool backyard with private cabanas and poolside blackjack. It has a fitness centre, as well as a waterfall pool, a butler service and a p... More Good to Know To Downtown 17.7 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 18.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 797 7777 All policies Amenities at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Free valet parking Computer use available ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Kid-friendly Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Cribs available Gift shop EV charging station Elevator Minibar Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Jacuzzi Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Accessible parking Hot tub Outdoor pool Enhanced cleaning Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Ice maker Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Safe Sauna Gay friendly Brailled elevators Plunge pool Free parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Massage Yoga Casino Game room Golf Aerobics Bingo Fitness classes Fitness centre Horse riding Bowling Pool table Cinema Show more Services Conference rooms Business secretarial services Wedding services A/V equipment rental Ticket service Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Babysitting/child services (surcharge) Video conferencing Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Suncoast Hotel and Casino 8.3 Excellent 9090 Alta Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel This Las Vegas hotel is set next to Suncoast Hotel Casino. It offers an outdoor pool and a spa. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites Las Vegas-Red Rock/Summerlin 8.3 Excellent 4280 South Grand Canyon Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.6 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, Hampton Inn & Suites Las Vegas-Red Rock/Summerlin is within a 25-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool. It also provides a hair salon, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Westgate Flamingo Bay Resort 8.3 Excellent 5625 West Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 11.4 km from current hotel Westgate Flamingo Bay Resort is located in Las Vegas and is close to Palms Casino Resort. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Arizona Charlie's Decatur 7.2 Good 740 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 11.4 km from current hotel Arizona Charlie's Decatur provides 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 148 verified guest reviews 10.0Families 8.5Couples 10.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Bar (9) Pool (8) Hotel amenity (6) Where is Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Most Popular Landmarks Fountains of Bellagio15.1 km T-Mobile Arena15.2 km Crystals at City Center15.4 km High Roller15.5 km Stratosphere Tower15.9 km MGM Grand Garden Arena15.9 km Getting Around Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza12.8 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip14.9 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall15.0 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd15.1 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel15.1 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel15.4 km FAQs when booking at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Is pricing at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa comparable to 5 star hotels in Las Vegas? Nightly rates at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa will generally be 36% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Las Vegas. When staying at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 393/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Las Vegas for a 5-stars hotel. How close is Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 18.3 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa. The average expected drive time from Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 14m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa? Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Many Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa guests take the airport shuttle from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Las Vegas. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa? Yes, Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa from the Las Vegas city center? Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa is 4.1 km away from the center of Summerlin, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Fountains of Bellagio, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa by various forms of transportation. What is the Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 797 7777 to talk to a Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa front desk representative. Does Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa? Yes, there is a gym available to Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa, Las Vegas? A good deal at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa right now is between C$ 81 and C$ 393 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa? Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa, Las Vegas. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
