https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Refinery_Hotel.htm
Refinery Hotel - New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Refinery Hotel - New York Refinery Hotel - New York Hotel 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 276 reviews 8.2 C$ 380 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Refinery Hotel - New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Refinery Hotel - New York Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 646 664 0310 All policies Amenities at Refinery Hotel - New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper Safe TV Smartphone dock Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Refinery Hotel - New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Refinery Hotel - New York Americana Inn 7.2 Good 69 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Americana Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is located a short walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street 8.4 Excellent 63 West 35th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to Empire State Building, the New York Public Library and Madison Square Garden. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Kixby 8.5 Excellent 45 West 35th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of Empire State Building, the New York Public Library and Madison Square Garden. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central 7.6 Good 136 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is just a quick walk to the New York Public Library. It is close to Times Square, dining options and shops. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Refinery Hotel - New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 276 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.2Solo 8.4Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Refinery Hotel - New York All photos (57) Bedroom (13) Other (9) Room amenity (8) Bar (7) Where is Refinery Hotel - New York Most Popular Landmarks Bryant Park0.3 km Empire State Building0.4 km Madison Square Garden0.7 km Grand Central Terminal0.7 km Times Square0.8 km Chrysler Building0.8 km Getting Around New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.4 km New York 201 West 37th St0.4 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.4 km New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.6 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.7 km New York 7th Ave Corner of W 30th St0.7 km FAQs when booking at Refinery Hotel - New York Is pricing at Refinery Hotel - New York comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? Refinery Hotel - New York is generally less than the average price of 5 stars hotels in New York. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 1,217 per night in New York. Refinery Hotel - New York will run you C$ 625 per night, which is 62% cheaper than the New York average. How close is Refinery Hotel - New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 21.4 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Refinery Hotel - New York. The average expected drive time from Refinery Hotel - New York to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Refinery Hotel - New York? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Refinery Hotel - New York can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, Refinery Hotel - New York has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Refinery Hotel - New York considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Refinery Hotel - New York. How close is Refinery Hotel - New York from the New York city center? Refinery Hotel - New York is just 0.6 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. From Refinery Hotel - New York you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the Refinery Hotel - New York phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Refinery Hotel - New York please call +1 646 664 0310. Does Refinery Hotel - New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Refinery Hotel - New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Refinery Hotel - New York? Yes, there is a gym available to Refinery Hotel - New York guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Refinery Hotel - New York? Refinery Hotel - New York check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Refinery Hotel - New York, New York? A good deal at Refinery Hotel - New York right now is between C$ 220 and C$ 625 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Refinery Hotel - New York? There is a restaurant located in Refinery Hotel - New York. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Refinery Hotel - New York have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Refinery Hotel - New York that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Refinery Hotel - New York from Rockefeller Center? Refinery Hotel - New York is a walkable distance (0.9 km) from Rockefeller Center, New York. Is Refinery Hotel - New York close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Refinery Hotel - New York is just 0.8 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Refinery Hotel - New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
