https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rembrandt_Hotel_Suites.htm
Rembrandt Hotel & Suites, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Hotel 19 Sukhumvit Soi 18, Klong Toei, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 737 reviews 8.2 C$ 75 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rembrandt Hotel & Suites A 10-minute walk from Asok BTS Skytrain Station, Rembrandt Hotel & Suites has an accessible setting, making it an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. It also provides a swimming pool, a sauna and a but... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.4 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Distance to airport 20.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 261 7100 All policies Amenities at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Evening entertainment Cooking classes Fitness centre Massage Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 8.7 Excellent 19/9 Sukhumvit 20 Klong Toey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 is within a 30-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers an infinity pool. It provides a gym, as well as a ballroom, free Wi-Fi and a kids club. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Bangkok Marriott Marquis Queens Park 8.6 Excellent 199 Sukhumvit Soi 22, Klong Ton, Klong Toey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute walk from Asok BTS Skytrain Station, Bangkok Marriott Marquis Queen's Park offers guests a convenient base while in Bangkok. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a kids club. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals The Continent Hotel Bangkok By Compass Hospitality 8.0 Excellent 413 Sukhumvit Road Klongtoey Nua, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel in Bangkok offers free Wi-Fi, as well as an infinity pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. On arrival, guests can enjoy views of Sukhumvit before heading to their 5-star accommodation. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 is within a 30-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sauna & Steam and Putting Green Golf & Tennis Course. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rembrandt Hotel & Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 737 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.3Solo 7.9Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rembrandt Hotel & Suites All photos (60) Restaurant (11) Pool (9) Bedroom (7) Building (6) Where is Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 210.7 km Gateway Ekamai Mall2.8 km Central World Plaza2.9 km Centralworld3.0 km Silom Complex3.0 km Pratunam3.3 km Getting Around Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 240.2 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 20.4 km Bangkok Asok Bts0.6 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts0.8 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts (exit 4)0.8 km Bangkok Queen Sirikit Convention Center1.0 km FAQs when booking at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Is pricing at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites is 31% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites is typically C$ 90, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is Rembrandt Hotel & Suites to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 20.7 km drive between Rembrandt Hotel & Suites and Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Rembrandt Hotel & Suites? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites? Yes, Rembrandt Hotel & Suites has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Rembrandt Hotel & Suites from the Bangkok city center? Rembrandt Hotel & Suites is just 0.4 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. From Rembrandt Hotel & Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rajamangala Stadium. What is the Rembrandt Hotel & Suites phone number? The best way to contact Rembrandt Hotel & Suites is by calling +66 2 261 7100. Does Rembrandt Hotel & Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rembrandt Hotel & Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites? Rembrandt Hotel & Suites does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites? Rembrandt Hotel & Suites check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites, Bangkok? Rembrandt Hotel & Suites room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 90/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 40/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites, Bangkok. The hotel also has a bar. Does Rembrandt Hotel & Suites have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Rembrandt Hotel & Suites. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Rembrandt Hotel & Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
