https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Remm_Roppongi.htm
Remm Roppongi, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Remm Roppongi Remm Roppongi Hotel 7-14-4 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,456 reviews 8.6 C$ 95 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Remm Roppongi Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Remm Roppongi This affordable hotel is located in Central Tokyo, only a short stroll from Tokyo Midtown. It is situated a short stroll from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. Remm Ropp... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 13.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 368 630 606 All policies Amenities at Remm Roppongi Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Pyjamas Clothes rack Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Pay-per-view channels Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Remm Roppongi Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Remm Roppongi Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton, Tokyo 8.5 Excellent Tokyo Midtown 9-7-1 Akasaka Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is within five minutes' of Tokyo Midtown. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,247 Avg. per night View Deals Mimaru Tokyo Akasaka 9.0 Excellent 7-9-6 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel provides good value accommodation. It also features luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a designated smoking area. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals the b akasaka 7.8 Good 7-6-13 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, The B Akasaka offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka Sacas. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Asakusa View Hotel 8.5 Excellent 3-17-1 Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.3 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set in Taito, this modern hotel provides a coffee bar, an indoor pool and massage services. It is moments from Hanayashiki, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Remm Roppongi 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 1,450 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.6Solo 8.6Friends 8.5Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Remm Roppongi All photos (33) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Lobby (4) Building (3) Where is Remm Roppongi Most Popular Landmarks Roppongi Hills0.2 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden3.0 km Ginza Mitsukoshi3.2 km Yoyogi Koen3.4 km Tokyo Dome5.0 km Toyosu Market5.0 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit3.4 km Tokyo3.7 km Tokyo3.8 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal3.9 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube4.0 km Tokyo Shinagawa4.0 km FAQs when booking at Remm Roppongi Is pricing at Remm Roppongi comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Remm Roppongi is 65% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Remm Roppongi is typically C$ 136, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Remm Roppongi to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Remm Roppongi is 13.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 10m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Remm Roppongi? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Remm Roppongi guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Remm Roppongi from the Tokyo city center? Remm Roppongi is just 0.9 km away from the center of Akasaka, Tokyo. From Remm Roppongi you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tokyo Dome. What is the Remm Roppongi phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +81 368 630 606 to talk to a Remm Roppongi front desk representative. Does Remm Roppongi have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Remm Roppongi has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Remm Roppongi? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Remm Roppongi. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Remm Roppongi, Tokyo? C$ 42 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Remm Roppongi, with average deals around C$ 136 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Remm Roppongi? Yes, food can be ordered from the Remm Roppongi restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Remm Roppongi have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Remm Roppongi, Tokyo. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Remm Roppongi from Akasaka Sacas? The popular Akasaka Sacas is just over 1.1 km from Remm Roppongi. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Remm Roppongi Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
