https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Renaissance_Amsterdam_Hotel.htm
Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Hotel Kattengat 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands GoodBased on 1,233 reviews 7.3 C$ 282 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Centrally located, Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing and retail areas. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include 24-hour room service, ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 11.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 206 212 223 All policies Amenities at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available CCTV in common areas Key card access Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Cycling Fitness centre Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Avenue Hotel Amsterdam 7.3 Good Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 33, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Avenue Hotel Amsterdam provides easy access to Amsterdam's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers free Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Westcord City Centre Hotel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 50, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, WestCord City Centre Hotel provides easy access to Amsterdam's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals A-Train Hotel 8.5 Excellent Prins Hendrikkade 23, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located, A-Train Hotel allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. A short stroll from Damrak, it provides modern rooms equipped with a refrigerator, a private bathroom and a flat-screen TV. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Inntel Hotels Amsterdam Centre 8.3 Excellent Nieuwezijds Kolk 19, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in the centre of Amsterdam, this hotel features a trendy restaurant and a night club. It provides a day spa, as well as free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 1,232 verified guest reviews 7.4Families 7.3Friends 7.4Couples 7.0Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel All photos (56) Restaurant (14) Bedroom (13) Conference room (7) Living room (4) Where is Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Royal Palace Amsterdam0.6 km Anne Frank Huis0.8 km NEMO1.3 km Westerpark1.4 km Rijksmuseum2.1 km Heineken Experience2.2 km Getting Around Amsterdam Nieuwezijds Kolk0.2 km Amsterdam Centraal0.4 km Amsterdam Dam0.6 km Amsterdam W Hotel0.6 km Amsterdam Oudezijds Voorburgwal0.7 km Amsterdam Raadhuisstraat0.7 km FAQs when booking at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel How close is Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At just 11.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, to Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel? Getting from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 42/day in Amsterdam. Luckily, Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel from the Amsterdam city center? Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel is just 0.5 km away from the center of Grachtengordel-West, Amsterdam. From Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rijksmuseum. What is the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel please call +31 206 212 223. Does Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel, Amsterdam? C$ 209 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel, with average deals around C$ 306 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel, Amsterdam. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel have a laundry service? Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel from Van Gogh Museum? Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel is a good place to stay to see Van Gogh Museum. It’s 2.3 km away. Is Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel close to Anne Frank Huis? Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Anne Frank Huis, which is 0.8 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
