https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Renaissance_Los_Angeles_Airport_Hotel.htm
Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Hotel 9620 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 1,450 reviews 7.9 C$ 197 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel provides convenient accommodation and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It also fea... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.3 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 2.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 337 2800 All policies Amenities at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Fitness centre Horse riding Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Bowling Pool table Windsurfing Hiking Foosball table Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport 5.9 Okay 9750 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Los Angeles International Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Los Angeles Int'l Airport North 7.6 Good 9801 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport/North offers convenient and comfortable accommodation. Popular facilities, such as an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Los Angeles. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Los Angeles Lax/Century Boulevard 8.2 Excellent 5933 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Residence Inn by Marriott Los Angeles LAX/Century Boulevard provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Los Angeles Airport Marriott 7.8 Good 5855 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Los Angeles Airport Marriott is located in Los Angeles and offers modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,450 verified guest reviews 7.8Families 7.9Couples 8.0Solo 7.7Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel All photos (56) Bedroom (8) Conference room (7) Bar (4) Bathroom (4) Where is Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center11.8 km Westfield Century City12.8 km Santa Monica State Beach13.3 km STAPLES Center15.2 km L.A. Live15.4 km Little Tokyo17.4 km Getting Around Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel0.5 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn1.4 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd12.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.6 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)12.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.7 km FAQs when booking at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Is pricing at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? In Los Angeles, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 413. The expected nightly rate for Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel is around C$ 223; a price that is 60% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Los Angeles. How close is Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel is 2.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 27/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Many Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel guests take the airport shuttle from Los Angeles Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Los Angeles. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel. Is there a pool at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel? Yes, Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel is just 1.9 km away from the center of Westchester, Los Angeles. From Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 310 337 2800 to talk to a Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel front desk representative. Does Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel. What is the check-out time at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel? Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel, Los Angeles? Prices at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 223, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 154. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel? Yes - Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
