https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Renaissance_Montreal_Downtown_Hotel.htm
Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Hotel 1250 Boulevard Robert-Bourassa, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 160 reviews 8.4 C$ 320 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Set in the heart of the city, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel offers easy access to Montreal's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is close to Montreal's Underground City. There... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 657 5000 All policies Amenities at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Le Square Phillips Hotel And Suites 8.8 Excellent 1193, Place Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, Le Square Phillips Hotel & Suites allows for easy access to Montreal's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It offers complimentary wireless internet, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of Montreal's Underground City. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth 7.9 Good 900 Boulevard Rene Levesque West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth offers easy access to Montreal's best hot spots. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals Le St-Martin Hôtel Particulier Centre-ville 8.6 Excellent 980 Boul. De Maisonneuve West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Montreal. There is also a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment, a waterfall pool and a weight machine. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Montreal 8.1 Excellent 475 President-Kennedy Avenue, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Montreal offers easy access to Montreal's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 160 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.3Couples 8.8Solo 8.8Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel All photos (46) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (6) Restaurant (4) Building (3) Where is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Place Ville-Marie0.1 km Christ Church Cathedral0.1 km Eaton Centre0.2 km Place Bonaventure0.5 km Centre Bell0.7 km Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.9 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.2 km Montreal Central0.4 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance0.6 km Montreal Bus1.6 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles19.9 km Montreal Kirkland23.0 km FAQs when booking at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel How close is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 14.9 km drive between Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 11m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Montreal, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Montreal. Is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel. Is there a pool at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel? Yes, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel from the Montreal city center? Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel is 0 km away from the center of Downtown Montreal, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 657 5000. Does Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel? Yes, Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel? Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel, Montreal? Usually Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel room prices are around C$ 327/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 223/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel? Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel, Montreal. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel from Vieux-Port de Montréal? Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel is about 1.3 km from Vieux-Port de Montréal, one of Montreal’s most popular landmarks. Is Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel close to Centre Bell? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between Centre Bell and Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Renaissance Montreal Downtown Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
