https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Residence_Inn_by_Marriott_Vancouver_Downtown.htm
Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Hotel 1234 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 505 reviews 8.7 C$ 191 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as a heated pool, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. Residence ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 688 1234 All policies Amenities at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Grill EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine Conditioner Desk Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Golf Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Ski storage Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Ramada by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown 6.2 Good 1221 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ramada by Wyndham Vancouver Downtown offers easy access to Vancouver's main retail and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ambassador 1212 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an on-site bar, this central Vancouver hostel is located just a short stroll from the Orpheum and Contemporary Art Gallery. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals The Burrard 8.2 Excellent 1100 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Gec Granville Suites Downtown 7.5 Good 718 Drake Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, GEC Granville Suites Downtown allows for easy access to Vancouver's best sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 152 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 505 verified guest reviews 8.6Couples 8.5Solo 8.7Friends 8.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown All photos (34) Bedroom (12) Bathroom (3) Kitchen (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Most Popular Landmarks Granville Island Public Market0.8 km False Creek0.9 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.0 km BC Place Stadium1.2 km Rogers Arena1.4 km Waterfront Centre1.5 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.2 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.4 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.1 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St1.4 km FAQs when booking at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown How close is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown is 1.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown? Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown considered pet-friendly? Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown. Is there a pool at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown? Yes, Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown from the Vancouver city center? Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown is just 0.6 km away from the center of Yaletown, Vancouver. From Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown phone number? You can reach the front desk of Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown at +1 604 688 1234. Does Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown? Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown? The standard check-out time at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 194 per night to stay at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 131 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown for opening and last order times. Does Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown from TELUS World of Science? Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown is a walkable distance (1.9 km) from TELUS World of Science, Vancouver. Is Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown to Rogers Arena is 1.4 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
