https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Residences_at_Kanata_Lakes.htm
Residences at Kanata Lakes, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Residences at Kanata Lakes Residences at Kanata Lakes Aparthotel 1100 Canadian Shield Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 301 reviews 8.6 C$ 167 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Residences at Kanata Lakes Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Residences at Kanata Lakes Located in Ottawa, just a 10-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, Residences at Kanata Lakes provides 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also offers laundry facilities, meeting rooms and an in... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.6 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 270 2052 All policies Amenities at Residences at Kanata Lakes Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Saltwater pool Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Additional bathroom Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Indoor pool Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Dining area Private apartment in building Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Washing machine Kitchenette Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Meeting/Banquet facilities Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Residences at Kanata Lakes Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Residences at Kanata Lakes Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Kanata 8.8 Excellent 900 Great Lakes Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Terry Fox Bus Station, Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Kanata provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Ottawa. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata 8.6 Excellent 1251 Maritime Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located under a 20-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata offers guests an ideal base when in Ottawa. Some of the popular features at this 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Ottawa Kanata, An IHG Hotel 8.1 Excellent 101 Kanata Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Holiday Inn & Suites Ottawa West - Kanata provides contemporary accommodation in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Terry Fox Bus Station. Some of the popular facilities at this award-winning 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata 7.4 Good 222 Hearst Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Residences at Kanata Lakes 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 301 verified guest reviews 8.6Families 8.7Couples 9.1Solo 8.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Residences at Kanata Lakes All photos (10) Building (3) Kitchen (2) Lobby (2) Laundry facility (1) Where is Residences at Kanata Lakes Most Popular Landmarks Commissioners Park17.8 km Canadian War Museum18.5 km Lansdowne Park19.7 km Bank Street Promenade19.7 km Bell Sensplex2.1 km Canadian Tire Centre2.7 km Getting Around Ottawa Kanata Town Centre0.7 km Ottawa Terry Fox0.7 km Ottawa Fallowfield13.1 km Ottawa Bus Terminal19.3 km Ottawa Central19.3 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon19.4 km FAQs when booking at Residences at Kanata Lakes How close is Residences at Kanata Lakes to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With no traffic, the 18.3 km drive between Residences at Kanata Lakes and Ottawa Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 14m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Residences at Kanata Lakes? Residences at Kanata Lakes has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Ottawa, renting a car for around C$ 55/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Ottawa Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Residences at Kanata Lakes considered pet-friendly? Residences at Kanata Lakes is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Residences at Kanata Lakes. Is there a pool at Residences at Kanata Lakes? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Ottawa often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Residences at Kanata Lakes for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Residences at Kanata Lakes from the Ottawa city center? Residences at Kanata Lakes is just 0.8 km away from the center of Kanata, Ottawa. From Residences at Kanata Lakes you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Canadian War Museum. What is the Residences at Kanata Lakes phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 613 270 2052. Does Residences at Kanata Lakes have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Residences at Kanata Lakes has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Residences at Kanata Lakes? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Residences at Kanata Lakes. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Residences at Kanata Lakes? Residences at Kanata Lakes has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Residences at Kanata Lakes, Ottawa? A good deal at Residences at Kanata Lakes right now is between C$ 141 and C$ 189 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Residences at Kanata Lakes have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Residences at Kanata Lakes that can be used by guests. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Residences at Kanata Lakes from Canadian Tire Centre? Canadian Tire Centre in Ottawa is 2.7 km away from Residences at Kanata Lakes. Is Residences at Kanata Lakes close to Bell Sensplex? If you want to see Bell Sensplex while visiting Ottawa, Residences at Kanata Lakes is just 2.1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Residences at Kanata Lakes Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
