https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Residencial_Florescente.htm
Residencial Florescente, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Residencial Florescente Residencial Florescente Hotel Rua Portas de Santo Antão 99, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 2,198 reviews 8.7 C$ 109 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Residencial Florescente Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Residencial Florescente Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Residencial Florescente is just a five-minute stroll from Rossio Railway Station. This 3-star hotel is close to everything Lisbon has to offer. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 6.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 426 609 All policies Amenities at Residencial Florescente Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Cycling Library Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Residencial Florescente Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Residencial Florescente Hotel Gat Rossio 8.5 Excellent Rua Do Jardim Do Regedor 27-35, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Lisbon and is a few minutes on foot from Rossio Railway Station. It is close to Rossio Square, dining options and shops. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Portuense 8.6 Excellent Rua das Portas de Santo Antão, 149-157, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Just a short car trip from Castle of Sao Jorge, Hotel Portuense is a comfortable setting and boasts exclusive views of Lisbon. Rooms are air conditioned and a wireless internet connection is included free of charge. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Eden Aparthotel 7.8 Good Praça Dos Restauradores, 24, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel VIP Executive Eden Aparthotel provides modern 4-star accommodation in Lisbon. It is close to Rossio Square, eateries and shops. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Altis Avenida Hotel provides luxury accommodation in Lisbon and is within a 10-minute walk of Baixa Chiado Metro Station. Only a short walk from Rossio Square, it offers modern rooms equipped with a private bathroom, a mini bar and free wireless internet access. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Residencial Florescente 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 2,198 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.5Solo 8.7Families 8.7Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Residencial Florescente All photos (28) Bedroom (5) Living room (4) Restaurant (3) Patio (3) Where is Residencial Florescente Most Popular Landmarks Elevador de Santa Justa0.5 km Castelo de São Jorge0.6 km Jardim Botânico0.7 km Chiado Museum0.7 km Sé de Lisboa1.0 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.6 km Getting Around Lisbon Rossio0.2 km Lisbon Restauradores0.2 km Lisbon Largo das Olarias0.6 km Lisbon Avenida0.6 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.7 km Lisbon Praça do Comércio0.9 km FAQs when booking at Residencial Florescente How close is Residencial Florescente to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 6.6 km drive between Residencial Florescente and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 05m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Residencial Florescente? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Residencial Florescente where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Residencial Florescente guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. Is there a pool at Residencial Florescente? Yes. Many people visiting Lisbon look for a hotel with a pool. Residencial Florescente has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Residencial Florescente from the Lisbon city center? The center of Bairro Alto, Lisbon, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Residencial Florescente. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Residencial Florescente using any means of transportation. What is the Residencial Florescente phone number? For questions about Residencial Florescente and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +351 213 426 609. Does Residencial Florescente have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Residencial Florescente has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Residencial Florescente? The standard check-out time at Residencial Florescente is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Residencial Florescente, Lisbon? Usually Residencial Florescente room prices are around C$ 153/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 63/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Residencial Florescente? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Residencial Florescente, Lisbon. The hotel also has a bar. Does Residencial Florescente have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Residencial Florescente from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Residencial Florescente - you’ll be about 1 km away. Is Residencial Florescente close to Chiado Museum? Residencial Florescente is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Chiado Museum, which is 0.7 km away. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Residencial Florescente Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
