https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Richmond_Hotel_Premier_Asakusa_International.htm
Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Hotel 2-6-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,995 reviews 8.7 C$ 75 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is situated in the city's famous tourism and shopping district. This property is conveniently located in Taito. The hotel features an around the c... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 18.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 358 063 155 All policies Amenities at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pyjamas Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Smartphone Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Hotel Keihan Asakusa 8.0 Excellent 2-12-4 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is set in Taito, a quick walk from Hanayashiki. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Asakusa Station. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Khaosan Tokyo Samurai 8.2 Excellent 3-16-10, Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Khaosan Tokyo Samurai is set in Taito and is a short walk from Senso-ji, Asakusa and the Asakusa Shrine. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 3000 Asakusa Honten 1-27-2 Asakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Taito, Hotel 3000 Asakusa Honten offers affordable accommodation just minutes from Hanayashiki and Asakusa. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Asakusa Station. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Asakusa View Hotel 8.5 Excellent 3-17-1 Nishiasakusa, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Taito, this modern hotel provides a coffee bar, an indoor pool and massage services. It is moments from Hanayashiki, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,995 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.7Friends 8.7Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, May 2018 comfortable and clean A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, May 2018 pleasant stay. W 9.7 Excellent Wei Ching, Feb. 2018 Very nice hotel with good location and good customer service. W 9.7 Excellent Wei Ching, Feb. 2018 very good hotel with good location Photos of Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International All photos (36) Bedroom (7) Other (6) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (4) Where is Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Most Popular Landmarks Senso-ji0.3 km Asakusa Jinja0.4 km Ueno Koen1.9 km Yoyogi Koen10.1 km Akihabara Electric Town2.5 km Tokyo Dome3.9 km Getting Around Tokyo Ueno1.5 km Tokyo Shinagawa10.7 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube3.9 km Tokyo4.4 km Tokyo4.4 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit4.9 km FAQs when booking at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Is pricing at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 288 per night in Tokyo. Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International will run you C$ 144 per night, which is 63% cheaper than the Tokyo average. How close is Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With no traffic, the 18.3 km drive between Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International and Tokyo Haneda Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 14m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International from the Tokyo city center? Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is 0.4 km away from the center of Asakusa, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International by various forms of transportation. What is the Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International phone number? The best way to contact Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is by calling +81 358 063 155. Does Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International, Tokyo? Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 144/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 42/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International? Yes, food can be ordered from the Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International have a laundry service? Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International from Akihabara Electric Town? Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International is a good place to stay to see Akihabara Electric Town. It’s 2.5 km away. Is Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International close to Asakusa Jinja? Walking distance - there’s 0.4 km between Asakusa Jinja and Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Richmond Hotel Premier Asakusa International Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
