https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rideau_Inn.htm
Rideau Inn, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Rideau Inn Rideau Inn Guest house 177 Frank Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 155 reviews 8.9 C$ 179 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rideau Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rideau Inn Situated within walking distance of Ottawa Central Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Ottawa and its surrounds. It is ideally located in the cit... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.9 Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 688 2753 All policies Amenities at Rideau Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Street parking Body soap Hairdryer Family rooms Towels Cable or satellite TV Seating area Air-conditioned Toilet Shampoo Toilet paper Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Trash cans TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Sofa Sofa bed Show more Services Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Rideau Inn Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Rideau Inn The Business Inn 8.5 Excellent 180 Maclaren Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Centretown, The Business Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Cartier Place Suite Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Cooper Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites 7.8 Good 25 Cartier Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Ottawa Embassy Hotel & Suites offers charming accommodation in Ottawa and is a short stroll from Campus Station. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rideau Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 155 verified guest reviews 8.9Solo 9.3Friends 8.8Couples 9.1Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date T 10.0 Excellent Tony , Oct. 2017 loved the place even though a little out of town Photos of Rideau Inn All photos (47) Bedroom (21) Room amenity (5) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Where is Rideau Inn Most Popular Landmarks Canadian Museum of Nature0.3 km Bank Street Promenade0.9 km Confederation Park0.9 km Rideau Centre1.0 km Ottawa Art Gallery1.1 km Laurier House1.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.9 km Ottawa Central0.9 km Ottawa Rideau Centre1.0 km Ottawa Bus Terminal1.0 km Ottawa Slater / Bank1.0 km Ottawa Laurier E / Cumberland1.0 km FAQs when booking at Rideau Inn How close is Rideau Inn to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? With no traffic, the 10.4 km drive between Rideau Inn and Ottawa Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 08m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Rideau Inn? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Rideau Inn from the Ottawa city center? Rideau Inn is 0.7 km away from the center of Old Ottawa East, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian Tire Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Rideau Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Rideau Inn phone number? The best way to contact Rideau Inn is by calling +1 613 688 2753. Does Rideau Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rideau Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Rideau Inn? The standard check-out time at Rideau Inn is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 1:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Rideau Inn, Ottawa? A good deal at Rideau Inn right now is between C$ 160 and C$ 172 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Rideau Inn from Canadian War Museum? Rideau Inn is a good place to stay to see Canadian War Museum. It’s 2.3 km away. Is Rideau Inn close to Laurier House? The distance from Rideau Inn to Laurier House is 1.5 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Rideau Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
