https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Ritz_Inn_Niagara.htm
Ritz Inn Niagara, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 443 Ritz Inn Niagara Ritz Inn Niagara Hotel 5630 Dunn Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 370 reviews 6.3 C$ 60 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ritz Inn Niagara Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Ritz Inn Niagara Providing a shuttle service to St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport, as well as free Wi-Fi, Ritz Inn Niagara is a comfortable place to stay in Niagara Falls City. It also offers an outdoor pool and... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 6.3 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 79.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 356 4490 All policies Amenities at Ritz Inn Niagara Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Quiet street view Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning City view Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Long-term parking (surcharge) Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Ritz Inn Niagara Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Ritz Inn Niagara Rodeway Inn Fallsview 7.2 Good 6663 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, Rodeway Inn Fallsview is situated in Niagara Falls City and offers award-winning accommodation. It provides free Wi-Fi, a playground and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Fallsview 7.0 Good 6645 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Fallsview is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Falls and Skylon Tower. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Niagara College Maid of the Mist Campus. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview 6.9 Good 6700 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Niagara Falls, Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview is set in a popular part of Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a Jacuzzi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel & Suites Fallsview 7.5 Good 6733 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Radisson Hotel & Suites Fallsview is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and offers an indoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ritz Inn Niagara 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.3 OkayBased on 370 verified guest reviews 6.0Solo 6.1Families 6.4Couples 6.6Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ritz Inn Niagara All photos (42) Bedroom (24) Room amenity (4) Outdoors view (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Ritz Inn Niagara Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.6 km Skylon Tower0.8 km Niagara Falls Tower1.0 km Queen Victoria Park1.0 km Niagara SkyWheel1.6 km Casino Niagara1.8 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino0.5 km Niagara Falls Table Rock0.5 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.9 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW2.8 km Niagara Falls3.8 km FAQs when booking at Ritz Inn Niagara How close is Ritz Inn Niagara from the Niagara Falls city center? Ritz Inn Niagara is 0.9 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Ritz Inn Niagara by various forms of transportation. What is the Ritz Inn Niagara phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Ritz Inn Niagara please call +1 905 356 4490. Does Ritz Inn Niagara have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ritz Inn Niagara has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Ritz Inn Niagara? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Ritz Inn Niagara. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Ritz Inn Niagara, Niagara Falls? Prices at Ritz Inn Niagara will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 58, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 45. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Ritz Inn Niagara have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Ritz Inn Niagara, Niagara Falls. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Ritz Inn Niagara from Skylon Tower? Ritz Inn Niagara is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 0.8 km away. Is Ritz Inn Niagara close to Marineland? Marineland is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 1.9 km from Ritz Inn Niagara. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 443 Ritz Inn Niagara Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
