https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Riu_Cancun_All_Inclusive.htm
Riu Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Riu Cancun Riu Cancun Resort Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 36 reviews 7.1 C$ 363 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Riu Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Riu Cancun Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis cour... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.6 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 17.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 7151 All policies Amenities at Riu Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Beach towels Fan Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Breakfast included Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Hot tub Enhanced cleaning Balcony Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Safe Sauna Complimentary breakfast Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Tennis Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Health club Spa Beauty salon All amenities Hotels Similar to Riu Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Riu Cancun Riu Palace Las Americas 9.1 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 8.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Riu Palace Las Americas All Inclusive - Adults Only is set in Cancun and is close to nearby attractions, including Cancun Convention Center. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 426 Avg. per night View Deals Aloft Cancun 7.4 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Aloft Cancun provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Cancun. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a sauna and a rooftop terrace. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Fiesta Americana Cancun Villas 8.2 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan Km.8.5 Lote 3, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the hotel is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers an outdoor pool, a private beach and a Jacuzzi. It has a day spa, as well as massage services, a hair salon and a sauna. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Nomads Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar 8.1 Excellent Av Carlos Nader Calle Mero No.12, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Located under a 10-minute walk from Cancun Bus Station, Enigmatic Hotel & Restaurant Bar offers guests an ideal base while visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Riu Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 36 verified guest reviews 6.0Solo 4.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date L 8.4 Great Luisa, Dec. 2019 the food is good and the beach is nice but too small. they have activities by the pool that are fun and the location is awesome is walking distance from the clubs restaurants and supermarkets Photos of Riu Cancun All photos (29) Other (6) Pool (5) Bedroom (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Riu Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul0.6 km Playa Tortugas2.2 km Puerto Cancun6.7 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun8.7 km Playa Delfines9.1 km Getting Around Cancún Ultramar Playa Caracol Pier (Hotels Area)0.4 km Cancún Plaza La Isla Cancun1.3 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.3 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor11.1 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.4 km Cancún Ado López Portillo12.4 km FAQs when booking at Riu Cancun How close is Riu Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 17.4 km drive between Riu Cancun and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 13m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Riu Cancun? Getting from Cancun Airport to Riu Cancun can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, Riu Cancun has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Riu Cancun? Yes. Many people visiting Cancún look for a hotel with a pool. Riu Cancun has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Riu Cancun from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of Riu Cancun. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Riu Cancun using any means of transportation. What is the Riu Cancun phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +52 998 848 7151. Does Riu Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Riu Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Riu Cancun? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Riu Cancun. What is the check-out time at Riu Cancun? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Riu Cancun, Cancún? Usually Riu Cancun room prices are around C$ 387/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 263/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Riu Cancun? Yes, food can be ordered from the Riu Cancun restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Riu Cancun have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Riu Cancun, Cancún. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Riu Cancun from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Riu Cancun is about 0.7 km from Delphinus Punta Cancún, one of Cancún’s most popular landmarks. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Riu Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
