https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Riu_Caribe_All_Inclusive.htm
Riu Caribe, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Riu Caribe Riu Caribe Resort Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 5.5, Lote 6-c, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 20 reviews 7.2 C$ 339 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Riu Caribe Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Riu Caribe Situated in Cancun, Riu Caribe All Inclusive is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation and views of the ocean... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.8 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 15.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 7850 All policies Amenities at Riu Caribe Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Balcony Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Beach towels Fan Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Minibar Free toiletries Safe Sauna Shops (on site) Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Adapter First-aid kit Child pool Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Tennis Pool table Services Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Beauty salon Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Health club Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to Riu Caribe Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 773 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 15-minute walk of Maya Cancun Museum and Aquaworld. Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins are also within 2 mi (3 km). C$ 283 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Riu Caribe Riu Palace Peninsula 8.6 Excellent Blvd Kukulkan, Km 5.5 Lote 6-C, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Riu Palace Peninsula All Inclusive provides modern 5-star accommodation in Cancun. It has a spa, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 374 Avg. per night View Deals Real Inn Cancun 7.6 Good Km 5.5 Boulevard Kukulkán, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Real Inn Cancun offers 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals The Royal Cancun - All Suites Resort 8.6 Excellent Kukulcan Boulevard Km 4.5 Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor heated pool and a private beach. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and free Wi-Fi. C$ 255 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Palm 7.4 Good Blvd. Kukulcan Km 4.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Boasting outdoor tennis courts and a private beach, Oasis Palm - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It has a day spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 239 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 710 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.6 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Riu Caribe 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 20 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 6.4Solo Traveller type: Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Riu Caribe All photos (39) Other (8) Bedroom (7) Pool (6) Beach (4) Where is Riu Caribe Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas0.7 km Playa Gaviota Azul3.2 km Puerto Cancun3.9 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun8.5 km Playa Delfines9.1 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Nautilus1.9 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.3 km Cancún Plaza Commercial Kabah10.8 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa11.5 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort11.8 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach12.4 km FAQs when booking at Riu Caribe How close is Riu Caribe to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? There are 15.8 km between the closest airport, Cancun Airport, and Riu Caribe. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 12m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Riu Caribe? Riu Caribe has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Riu Caribe from the Cancún city center? Riu Caribe is 1.9 km away from the center of Hotel Zone, Cancún. Consider visiting Playa Delfines, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Riu Caribe by various forms of transportation. What is the Riu Caribe phone number? You can reach the front desk of Riu Caribe at +52 998 848 7850. Does Riu Caribe have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Riu Caribe has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Riu Caribe? Yes. You should consider staying at Riu Caribe if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Riu Caribe? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Riu Caribe. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Riu Caribe, Cancún? Riu Caribe room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 371/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 204/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Riu Caribe? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Riu Caribe for opening and last order times. Does Riu Caribe have a laundry service? Riu Caribe does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Riu Caribe from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Riu Caribe is a good place to stay to see Delphinus Punta Cancún. It’s 3.5 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Riu Caribe Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
