https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Riverside_Resort_Whistler.htm
Riverside Resort, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Riverside Resort Riverside Resort Resort 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 204 reviews 8.5 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Riverside Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Riverside Resort The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. This 3-star resort provides snow sports, ski lockers... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 8.5 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 905 5533 All policies Amenities at Riverside Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Spa and wellness centre Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Fan Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Oven Shower chair Microwave Sofa No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Lowered sink Tea/coffee maker Mountain view Toaster Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Free parking Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Garden Kitchen Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Board games/puzzles Golf Cycling Skiing Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Services Fax/photocopying Key access Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Riverside Resort Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Riverside Resort Alpine Lodge Whistler 10.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Alpine Lodge Whistler is located in Whistler and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features room service, a sauna and massage services. C$ 3,200 Avg. per night View Deals Belle Neige Suites: Whistler 9.1 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, Belle Neige Suites Whistler provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a swimming pool. It also offers free private parking on site and Whistler Blackcomb is a brief car ride away. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Marketplace Lodge by Vacasa 9.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Providing a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool, the property is situated in Whistler and is a brief stroll from Whistler Blackcomb. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Marketplace Lodge By Whistler Retreats 7.7 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, Marketplace Lodge by Whistler Retreats provides 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub 8.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Impeccable Glacier Lodge Hotel Room w Pool+Hot Tub provides a comfortable setting when in Whistler. It is close to Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler, dining options and shops. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Riverside Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 204 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.3Couples 8.1Solo 8.6Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is Riverside Resort Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Marketplace1.9 km Callaghan Valley14.2 km Whistler Golf Club2.6 km Whistler Blackcomb2.8 km Garibaldi Provincial Park22.7 km Nita Lake5.2 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal2.4 km Whistler Village5.4 km FAQs when booking at Riverside Resort Is pricing at Riverside Resort comparable to 3 star hotels in Whistler? In Whistler, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 478. The expected nightly rate for Riverside Resort is around C$ 116; a price that is 82% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Riverside Resort to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Whistler. Is Riverside Resort considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Riverside Resort are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. What is the Riverside Resort phone number? You can reach the front desk of Riverside Resort at +1 604 905 5533. Does Riverside Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Riverside Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Riverside Resort? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Riverside Resort. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Riverside Resort, Whistler? On average, guests have been paying C$ 116 per night to stay at Riverside Resort. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 79 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Riverside Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Riverside Resort, Whistler. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Riverside Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
