https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Riviera_Hotel_Dubai.htm
Riviera Hotel Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Riviera Hotel Dubai Riviera Hotel Dubai Hotel Baniyas Road 5, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,073 reviews 7.6 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Riviera Hotel Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Riviera Hotel Dubai Centrally located, Riviera Hotel Dubai offers easy access to Dubai's main hot spots. It provides city views and complimentary Wi-Fi. This modern hotel offers an express check-in and check-out... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.4 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 6.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4222 2131 All policies Amenities at Riviera Hotel Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Quiet street view Non-smoking rooms available River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Bidet Street parking Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Riviera Hotel Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Riviera Hotel Dubai Mark Inn Hotel Deira 8.3 Excellent Baniyas Metro Station, Behind Khansaheb Parking, Maktoum Hospital Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Mark Inn Hotel Deira offers easy access to Dubai's best hot spots. The hotel is also ideally located within a five-minute walk of Baniyas Square (Dubai Metro). C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Royalton Hotel 4.8 Okay Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Dubai City Centre, Royalton Hotel Dubai is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Landmark Grand Hotel 7.0 Good Al Riqqa Street PO Box: 42222 Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station, Landmark Grand Hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Dubai. It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and free wireless internet. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Dubai 7.9 Good P O Box 5588, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Boasting its very own ice skating rink, beauty salon and nightclub, this hotel provides luxurious accommodation in Dubai. It offers excellent fitness facilities, which include an outdoor pool and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Riviera Hotel Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,073 verified guest reviews 7.7Couples 7.6Families 7.5Solo 7.0Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Riviera Hotel Dubai All photos (57) Bedroom (19) Other (6) Living room (5) Outdoors view (5) Where is Riviera Hotel Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Gold Souq0.9 km Dubai Gold Souk0.9 km Dubai Museum1.0 km Al Ghurair Centre1.1 km Meydan Racecourse11.9 km Al Karama2.0 km Getting Around Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus1.1 km Dubai Np1.7 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach23.1 km Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station26.4 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station3.1 km FAQs when booking at Riviera Hotel Dubai Is pricing at Riviera Hotel Dubai comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Riviera Hotel Dubai is 39% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Riviera Hotel Dubai is typically C$ 149, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Riviera Hotel Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? At 6 km away, Dubai Intl Airport is the closest airport to Riviera Hotel Dubai. The average expected drive time from Riviera Hotel Dubai to Dubai Intl Airport is 0h 04m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Riviera Hotel Dubai? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Riviera Hotel Dubai where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Riviera Hotel Dubai guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Dubai. How close is Riviera Hotel Dubai from the Dubai city center? The center of Deira, Dubai, is just 2.8 km away from the front doors of Riviera Hotel Dubai. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ibn Battuta Mall, which you can get to from Riviera Hotel Dubai using any means of transportation. What is the Riviera Hotel Dubai phone number? You can reach the front desk of Riviera Hotel Dubai at +971 4222 2131. Does Riviera Hotel Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Riviera Hotel Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Riviera Hotel Dubai? Yes, Riviera Hotel Dubai has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Riviera Hotel Dubai? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Riviera Hotel Dubai. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Riviera Hotel Dubai, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 149 per night to stay at Riviera Hotel Dubai. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 83 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Riviera Hotel Dubai? Yes - Riviera Hotel Dubai does have a restaurant. Does Riviera Hotel Dubai have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Riviera Hotel Dubai. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Riviera Hotel Dubai from Gold Souq? Riviera Hotel Dubai is about 0.9 km from Gold Souq, one of Dubai’s most popular landmarks. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Riviera Hotel Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
