https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Riviera_Hotel_on_Robson_Downtown_Vancouver.htm
Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver Aparthotel 1431 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,528 reviews 6.8 C$ 120 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Situated in Vancouver, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is within walking distance of University Canada West and provides free Wi-Fi. Not only does it overlook Robson Street, but it also sho... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 685 1301 All policies Amenities at Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Entire unit located on ground floor Family rooms Fan Cribs available Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fireplace Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Tile/marble floor CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Services Car rental Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Barclay Hotel 7.1 Good 1348 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Barclay Hotel offers cosy accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 20-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals The Listel Hotel Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 1300 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Waterfront Station, The Listel Hotel Vancouver offers guests a convenient base while in Vancouver. Guests have access to a swimming pool and a beauty centre. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Horizon Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1225 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Commanding views of Stanley Park, Blue Horizon Hotel Vancouver is steps from Vancouver's well-known attractions. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 1601 Bayshore Drive, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally situated, The Westin Bayshore Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best tourist attractions. This stylish hotel is an ideal choice for discovering local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,528 verified guest reviews 6.4Families 6.8Friends 6.8Couples 7.2Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver All photos (48) Bedroom (16) Outdoors view (7) Kitchen (5) Other (4) Where is Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.1 km Waterfront Centre1.3 km Stanley Park1.7 km Granville Island Public Market1.8 km BC Place Stadium1.9 km Metropolis at Metrotown11.8 km Getting Around Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.3 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.4 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.8 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St0.8 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.8 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.1 km FAQs when booking at Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver How close is Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 1.1 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver. The average expected drive time from Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver during their stay. How close is Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is 0.2 km away from the center of West End, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver by various forms of transportation. What is the Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver phone number? For questions about Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 685 1301. Does Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 247 per night to stay at Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 84 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is a walkable distance (2.6 km) from TELUS World of Science, Vancouver. Is Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? Rogers Arena is also a popular place to see in Vancouver. It is 2 km from Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
