https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rodd_Charlottetown.htm
Rodd Charlottetown, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Rodd Charlottetown Rodd Charlottetown Hotel 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada GoodBased on 756 reviews 7.9 C$ 141 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rodd Charlottetown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rodd Charlottetown Situated a short drive from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Rodd Charlottetown offers elegant accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 5.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 894 7371 All policies Amenities at Rodd Charlottetown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Gift shop Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Heating Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Indoor pool Alarm clock Kids meals No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Rodd Charlottetown Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Rodd Charlottetown Dundee Arms Inn 8.4 Excellent 200 Pownal Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Dundee Arms Inn is set in Charlottetown and is close to local attractions, including St. Dunstan's Basilica, Government House and Province House. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Shipwright Inn 10.0 Excellent 51 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Shipwright Inn provides Victorian 5-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Fitzroy Hall 8.8 Excellent 45 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Fitzroy Hall offers 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, The Holman Grand Hotel is located in Charlottetown and is a five-minute stroll from St. Dunstan's Basilica and Province House. It also offers a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rodd Charlottetown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 756 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.9Families 7.4Solo 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rodd Charlottetown All photos (44) Bedroom (14) Building (5) Lobby (3) Pool (3) Where is Rodd Charlottetown Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.4 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.6 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.6 km FAQs when booking at Rodd Charlottetown How close is Rodd Charlottetown to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? With no traffic, the 5.8 km drive between Rodd Charlottetown and Charlottetown Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 04m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Rodd Charlottetown? For the most freedom while visiting Charlottetown, consider renting a car for about C$ 59/day and parking it at Rodd Charlottetown where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Rodd Charlottetown considered pet-friendly? Rodd Charlottetown welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Rodd Charlottetown? Yes. Many people visiting Charlottetown look for a hotel with a pool. Rodd Charlottetown has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Rodd Charlottetown from the Charlottetown city center? Rodd Charlottetown is 0.4 km away from Charlottetown. Consider visiting The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Rodd Charlottetown by various forms of transportation. What is the Rodd Charlottetown phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Rodd Charlottetown please call +1 902 894 7371. Does Rodd Charlottetown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rodd Charlottetown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Rodd Charlottetown? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Rodd Charlottetown. What is the check-out time at Rodd Charlottetown? Rodd Charlottetown check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Rodd Charlottetown, Charlottetown? C$ 104 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Rodd Charlottetown, with average deals around C$ 145 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Rodd Charlottetown? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Rodd Charlottetown, Charlottetown. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Rodd Charlottetown have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Rodd Charlottetown from Confederation Centre of the Arts? Rodd Charlottetown is about 0.2 km from Confederation Centre of the Arts, one of Charlottetown’s most popular landmarks. Is Rodd Charlottetown close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? If you want to see PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation while visiting Charlottetown, Rodd Charlottetown is just 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Rodd Charlottetown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
