https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rosen_Inn_Closest_to_Universal.htm
Rosen Inn Closest to Universal, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Hotel 6327 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 5,951 reviews 8.0 C$ 90 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Situated in International Drive, Rosen Inn Closest to Universal offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is ideally located for tho... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 16.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 996 4444 All policies Amenities at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Body soap Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Game room Golf Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk 24-hour security Shuttle service Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Floridian Express International Drive 5.4 Okay 6323 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Floridian Express International Drive is situated in International Drive, just 25 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Orlando Resort & Suites Intl Drive 7.1 Good 6500 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Ramada Plaza Resort & Suites By Wyndham Orlando International Drive provides 3.5-star accommodation in Orlando. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Avanti Palms Resort and Conference Center 6.9 Good 6515 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center provides a comfortable setting when in Orlando. It also features free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Monumental Movieland Hotel 5.7 Okay 6233 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Monumental Movieland Hotel is located in Orlando and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a safe, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rosen Inn Closest to Universal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 5,951 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 8.1Solo 8.0Families 7.9Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date V 8.5 Great V Scott, Mar. 2017 good. nice remodeled room at a fair price. Photos of Rosen Inn Closest to Universal All photos (54) Bedroom (9) Building (7) Pool (7) Other (5) Where is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Most Popular Landmarks Coco Key Water Resort0.7 km Universal's Islands of Adventure1.2 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter1.4 km Central Florida Fairgrounds10.6 km Tinker Field10.7 km Magic Kingdom Park11.9 km Getting Around Orlando Universal Studio Orlando Resort0.7 km Orlando I Drive Grand Resort & Suites1.0 km Orlando McDonald's Parking1.1 km Orlando Baymont1.1 km Orlando Super Tours Terminal1.6 km Orlando Icon Park™1.7 km FAQs when booking at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal How close is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With a distance of 16.1 km between Rosen Inn Closest to Universal and the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Rosen Inn Closest to Universal? Rosen Inn Closest to Universal has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Orlando, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Orlando Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal? Yes, Rosen Inn Closest to Universal has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal from the Orlando city center? Rosen Inn Closest to Universal is 1.5 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Bob Carr Theater, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Rosen Inn Closest to Universal by various forms of transportation. What is the Rosen Inn Closest to Universal phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 407 996 4444. Does Rosen Inn Closest to Universal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rosen Inn Closest to Universal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal? Yes, there is a gym available to Rosen Inn Closest to Universal guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal? The standard check-out time at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal, Orlando? Usually Rosen Inn Closest to Universal room prices are around C$ 122/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 32/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal? There is a restaurant located in Rosen Inn Closest to Universal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Rosen Inn Closest to Universal have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Rosen Inn Closest to Universal, Orlando. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal from Universal Orlando Resort? The popular Universal Orlando Resort is just over 2 km from Rosen Inn Closest to Universal. Is Rosen Inn Closest to Universal close to Universal's Islands of Adventure? Walking distance - there’s 1.2 km between Universal's Islands of Adventure and Rosen Inn Closest to Universal. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
