https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rosellen_Suites_at_Stanley_Park.htm
Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Aparthotel 2030 Barclay Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 360 reviews 8.3 C$ 139 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Rosellen Suites at Stanley Park is set in Vancouver and is close to local attractions, such as Robson Street. Located moments from popular landmarks, the property also offers views of Grouse Mountain ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 689 4807 All policies Amenities at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing rules Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Radio Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared bathroom Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Cycling Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park The Buchan Hotel 1906 Haro Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The Buchan Hotel is located in Vancouver and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. A short stroll from Robson Street, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a private bathroom and wireless internet access. C$ 782 Avg. per night View Deals The Sylvia Hotel 8.5 Excellent 1154 Gilford Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Vancouver and features outdoor tennis courts and free Wi-Fi. It is situated a short walk from Robson Street and the Inukshuk. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western PLUS Sands 7.9 Good 1755 Davie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Providing a sauna, Best Western Plus Sands is situated in Vancouver and is a short stroll from the Inukshuk. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals Granville Island Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1253 Johnston Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located a short walk from Yaletown Roundhouse Skytrain Station, Granville Island Hotel provides guests with an ideal base while in Vancouver. This sophisticated hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 360 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.3Couples 8.6Solo 8.4Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park All photos (40) Other (12) Bedroom (9) Living room (7) Dining room (5) Where is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Most Popular Landmarks Stanley Park1.0 km Metropolis at Metrotown12.7 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall2.0 km Kitsilano Beach2.0 km Waterfront Centre2.2 km Granville Island Public Market2.3 km Getting Around Vancouver Davie St at Denman St0.6 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.2 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.4 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.7 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.9 km FAQs when booking at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park How close is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park is 1.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park from the Vancouver city center? Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park is just 0.9 km away from the center of West End, Vancouver. From Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park phone number? For questions about Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 689 4807. Does Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park? Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park, Vancouver? C$ 105 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park, with average deals around C$ 229 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park? Yes, food can be ordered from the Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park from TELUS World of Science? The popular TELUS World of Science is just over 3.4 km from Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park. Is Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park close to Rogers Arena? If you want to see Rogers Arena while visiting Vancouver, Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park is just 2.9 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
