https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rose_Rayhaan_by_Rotana_Dubai.htm
Rose Rayhaan by Rotana, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,291 Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Hotel Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Center 2,P.O. Box 126452, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 4,000 reviews 8.0 C$ 183 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Taking out the title of the world's second tallest hotel, Rose Rayhaan by Rotana - Dubai stands 333 metres high with 72 stories, and offers guests a swimming pool and a sauna. It is a short walk from ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4323 0111 All policies Amenities at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Smoking rooms available Steam room Storage available Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Accessible parking Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Soundproof rooms Bathtub Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Business secretarial services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 378 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Gevora Hotel 7.7 Good Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Centre Area, Next to Al Attar Tower, PO Box: 2260, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Gevora Hotel provides free Wi-Fi and a gym. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Carlton Downtown Hotel 7.6 Good Sheikh Zayed Road P.o Box 7143, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Carlton Downtown Hotel is only a five-minute walk from Financial Centre Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts, make for an enjoyable stay in Dubai. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool and a limousine service, Dusit Thani is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. It also offers a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai 7.6 Good 117546 Al Mustaqbal Steet, Opposite The Dubai Mall, Downtown Dubai Dubai, Uae, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Roda Al Murooj Hotel is situated in Dubai and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 218 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rose Rayhaan by Rotana 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 4,000 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.0Friends 8.1Families 8.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date A 7.1 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2019 I booked via HotelsCombined a deluxe king bed room, was redirected to 'Hotels' portal and I continued the booking and payment without paying attention it was changed whiling being directed to a classic twin bed... I ended up with a classic king bed room instead of deluxe one and I paid the premium amount for nothing in exchange!! It was not the hotel fault!! Z 7.1 Good zakareya.sawalha, Oct. 2019 the service was very very bad.. staff are not trained well M 10.0 Excellent mohamed, Aug. 2018 amazing .... fabilous .... what a perfect hotel I 4.7 Mediocre Ibrahim Darwish, Jan. 2018 it was very darkness room and very expensive rate Photos of Rose Rayhaan by Rotana All photos (48) Bedroom (15) Restaurant (6) Bathroom (4) Kitchen (4) Where is Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Most Popular Landmarks Emirates Towers0.9 km Burj Khalifa1.6 km Dubai Mall1.7 km The Dubai Fountain1.8 km Ibn Battuta Mall24.3 km Al Karama5.1 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station19.7 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach29.7 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station4.5 km Dubai Np5.2 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus7.9 km FAQs when booking at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Is pricing at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana comparable to 4 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana is 13% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana is typically C$ 229, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Rose Rayhaan by Rotana to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 9.9 km drive between Rose Rayhaan by Rotana and Dubai Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 07m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Rose Rayhaan by Rotana? For the most freedom while visiting Dubai, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana? Yes, Rose Rayhaan by Rotana has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Rose Rayhaan by Rotana from the Dubai city center? Rose Rayhaan by Rotana is just 0.3 km away from the center of DIFC, Dubai. From Rose Rayhaan by Rotana you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Gold Souq. What is the Rose Rayhaan by Rotana phone number? The best way to contact Rose Rayhaan by Rotana is by calling +971 4323 0111. Does Rose Rayhaan by Rotana have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rose Rayhaan by Rotana has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana? Yes. You should consider staying at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana? Rose Rayhaan by Rotana check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana, Dubai? Prices at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 229, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 8. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Rose Rayhaan by Rotana for opening and last order times. Does Rose Rayhaan by Rotana have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Rose Rayhaan by Rotana from Dubai Mall? The popular Dubai Mall is just over 1.7 km from Rose Rayhaan by Rotana. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Dubai Hotels 12,315 Dubai Hotels 12,291 Rose Rayhaan by Rotana Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
