https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rotex_Hotel.htm
Rotex Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Rotex Hotel Rotex Hotel Hotel 3411 West Olympic Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 790 reviews 7.0 C$ 136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rotex Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rotex Hotel Located in Los Angeles, Rotex Hotel is an easy drive from the Los Angeles County Museum Of Art / LACMA and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 15.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 734 1001 All policies Amenities at Rotex Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Mosquito net Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Rotex Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Rotex Hotel Rotex Western Inn 7.1 Good 921 South Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Ideally located for sightseeing, Rotex Western Inn is a short stroll from several of the city's attractions, including the The Wiltern. This property is conveniently situated in Central Los Angeles and is within walking distance of Wilshire/Western Metro Station. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles/Koreatown West 7.1 Good 3900 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles Wilshire Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Friendship Motor Inn 8.1 Excellent 1148 Crenshaw Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Friendship Motor Inn provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Libra Hotel 7.5 Good 3909 West 6th Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Libra Hotel Los Angeles provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It also offers a designated smoking area, a vending machine and free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rotex Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 790 verified guest reviews 7.2Couples 7.4Friends 6.6Families 6.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rotex Hotel All photos (55) Bedroom (18) Other (6) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Where is Rotex Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Venice Beach16.5 km Santa Monica State Beach18.2 km Northridge Fashion Center30.5 km STAPLES Center4.3 km L.A. Live4.4 km California Science Center4.8 km Getting Around Los Angeles Universal City10.3 km Los Angeles Huntington Park11.7 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California12.7 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave12.7 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak12.7 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn13.0 km FAQs when booking at Rotex Hotel Is pricing at Rotex Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? Hotels in Los Angeles that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 241/night, but on average, Rotex Hotel is available for 51% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Rotex Hotel for C$ 160/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Los Angeles. How close is Rotex Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 15.2 km between Rotex Hotel and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Rotex Hotel? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Rotex Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 27/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Rotex Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Rotex Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Rotex Hotel is 1.3 km away from the center of Koreatown, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Rotex Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Rotex Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Rotex Hotel please call +1 323 734 1001. Does Rotex Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rotex Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Rotex Hotel? Rotex Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Rotex Hotel, Los Angeles? Prices at Rotex Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 160, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 90. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Rotex Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Rotex Hotel, Los Angeles. Does Rotex Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Rotex Hotel, Los Angeles. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Rotex Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
