https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Rotex_Western_Inn.htm
Rotex Western Inn, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Rotex Western Inn Rotex Western Inn Hotel 921 South Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 303 reviews 7.1 C$ 128 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rotex Western Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Rotex Western Inn Ideally located for sightseeing, Rotex Western Inn is a short stroll from several of the city's attractions, including the The Wiltern. This property is conveniently situated in Central Los Angeles an... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 15.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 733 2168 All policies Amenities at Rotex Western Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower cap Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Rotex Western Inn Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Rotex Western Inn Rotex Hotel 7.0 Good 3411 West Olympic Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, Rotex Hotel is an easy drive from the Los Angeles County Museum Of Art / LACMA and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles/Koreatown West 7.1 Good 3900 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Ramada by Wyndham Los Angeles Wilshire Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Libra Hotel 7.5 Good 3909 West 6th Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Libra Hotel Los Angeles provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It also offers a designated smoking area, a vending machine and free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals The Line Hotel 7.8 Good 3515 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Offering views of Los Angeles, The Line Hotel is situated close to a variety of well-known eateries, plus boasts an outdoor pool. This modern property is ideally situated in Koreatown. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rotex Western Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 303 verified guest reviews 6.9Families 6.8Solo 7.5Couples 7.9Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rotex Western Inn All photos (28) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Patio (3) Where is Rotex Western Inn Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City10.2 km Venice Beach16.8 km Santa Monica State Beach18.5 km Northridge Fashion Center30.6 km STAPLES Center4.1 km L.A. Live4.2 km Getting Around Los Angeles Universal City10.2 km Los Angeles Huntington Park11.7 km Los Angeles Autobuses Coordinados Usa12.9 km Los Angeles Jerezanos12.9 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California13.0 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave13.0 km FAQs when booking at Rotex Western Inn Is pricing at Rotex Western Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? Rotex Western Inn is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Los Angeles. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 241 per night in Los Angeles. Rotex Western Inn will run you C$ 144 per night, which is 56% cheaper than the Los Angeles average. How close is Rotex Western Inn to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With no traffic, the 15.6 km drive between Rotex Western Inn and Los Angeles Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Rotex Western Inn? Rotex Western Inn has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Rotex Western Inn guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. How close is Rotex Western Inn from the Los Angeles city center? Rotex Western Inn is 0.9 km away from the center of Koreatown, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Rotex Western Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Rotex Western Inn phone number? For questions about Rotex Western Inn and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 323 733 2168. Does Rotex Western Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rotex Western Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Rotex Western Inn? Rotex Western Inn check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Rotex Western Inn, Los Angeles? Rotex Western Inn room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 144/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 104/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Rotex Western Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
