https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Row_NYC_Hotel.htm
Row NYC, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Row NYC Row NYC Hotel 700 8th Avenue, New York, NY, United States OkayBased on 296 reviews 5.8 C$ 1,590 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Row NYC Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Row NYC Set on the doorstep of Times Square in Manhattan’s vibrant Theater District, Row NYC Hotel offers chic accommodation and a range of 24-hour amenities, including an internet lounge, concierge service a... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 5.8 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 869 3600 All policies Amenities at Row NYC Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Disabled Access Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Free toiletries Safe Iron and ironing board Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Row NYC Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Row NYC Intercontinental New York Times Square, An IHG Hotel 8.1 Excellent 300 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this 5-star hotel is a five-minute walk from Times Square. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 327 Avg. per night View Deals Paramount Times Square 6.6 Good 235 West 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Paramount Times Square offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist hot spots and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Edison Times Square 7.4 Good 228 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This art deco hotel is in Manhattan, only a five-minute walk to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals New York Marriott Marquis 8.2 Excellent 1535 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, New York Marriott Marquis boasts a revolving rooftop restaurant along with a huge gym that overlooks Times Square and New York City. Some of the facilities on offer at this modern 4-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 429 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Row NYC 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.8 PassableBased on 296 verified guest reviews 6.6Families 6.8Solo 6.0Friends 6.8Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 9.2 Excellent Ash, Oct. 2019 This was our 3rd stay at this hotel and it never fails to impress or disappoint. The location of this hotel can not be beat, it is walking distance to the subway and also several hop on hop off bus tours. Time square is a 2 minute walk (literally end of the small street. If you are looking for somewhere to stay I HIGHLY recommend this place. N 10.0 Excellent Nanise, Jul. 2019 the row was at a prime location, which was convenient when it was my first time in New York. it was close to the subway, a stop for the hop on and hop off bus (if u decide to use it). it was only 2 blocks from time square. overall I love the Row and I'm going to use it again it I was to return back to NYC. F 7.8 Good f6eema, Apr. 2019 i was with my kid and we had a problem with the key .. it wasn't working at all so i had to go down n up everytime i want to enter my room .. but all in all it was an oki stay .. thanks M 5.5 Passable Moied, Mar. 2019 hanger was broken in toilet room floor was so dirty K 7.8 Good Kye.Hea, Mar. 2019 My initial check in was not the best, the front desk agent did not let me know if my room was upgraded or what my final price would be. He also did not provide us with any information such as where everything was in the hotel as well, we had to find out ourselves. I was also offered a free drink voucher if I shared my stay but never received it. I emailed reservations 3 times during my stay but did not receive a reply. C 6.0 Okay Chr*, Aug. 2018 good location A 9.3 Excellent Anonymous, Aug. 2018 the hotel is in a great location and the room was very clean. the staff were very friendly and helpful. only problem was that the lifts couldnt keep up with the amount of people there but we were there first week of july so it was very busy. this was our second time staying here and would recommend it. A 10.0 Excellent anthony, Jun. 2018 had a problem,but Cesar at the desk took care of it in a prompt and courteous manner. the best customer Service is what are you doing for your customer at that moment and Cesar went above and beyound. will defin6 stay there again N 9.5 Excellent Nur Fitri, May 2018 We got a free upgrade as the room that we initially booked was not ready upon checking in. The receptionist was very kind to have to change the room for us. The place is located 5 minutes away from Times Square, which is a very ideal location for me. A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, May 2018 amazing, great location Photos of Row NYC All photos (60) Bedroom (30) Lobby (6) Other (6) Restaurant (5) Where is Row NYC Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.3 km Broadway0.4 km Bryant Park0.8 km Madison Square Garden1.0 km Carnegie Hall1.0 km Empire State Building1.2 km Getting Around New York Port Authority0.3 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.3 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.5 km New York 201 West 37th St0.7 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.8 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.8 km FAQs when booking at Row NYC How close is Row NYC to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 22.1 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to Row NYC. The average expected drive time from Row NYC to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 17m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Row NYC? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Row NYC considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Row NYC. How close is Row NYC from the New York city center? Row NYC is 0.4 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Row NYC by various forms of transportation. What is the Row NYC phone number? For questions about Row NYC and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 869 3600. Does Row NYC have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Row NYC has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Row NYC? Yes. You should consider staying at Row NYC if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Row NYC? Row NYC has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Does Row NYC have a laundry service? Row NYC does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Row NYC from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at Row NYC - you’ll be about 0.8 km away. Is Row NYC close to Times Square? 0.3 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Row NYC. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Row NYC Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
