https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Orchid_Sheraton_Hotel_and_Towers.htm
Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Hotel 2 Charoen Krung Soi 30, Siphya, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1,798 reviews 8.4 C$ 189 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Situated in Bangkok, Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers provides a swimming pool, a saltwater swimming pool and outdoor tennis courts, and is within a two-minute walk of River City Shopping Comple... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 26.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 266 0123 All policies Amenities at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Secured parking Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Outdoor tennis Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Novotel Bangkok Silom Road 7.1 Good 320 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Showcasing impressive views of Bangkok, this modern hotel is an easy walk from Surasak BTS Station. It also provides a sauna, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals lebua at State Tower - SHA Plus 8.6 Excellent 1055 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Awarded the 2021 Top Hotel in Bangkok by Condé Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, the luxurious Lebua at State Tower- SHA Extra Plus is home to one of the highest rooftop bar in the world with stunning views of the city. This modern property is ideally located in Silom and is within walking distance of Saphan Taksin BTS Station. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Bangkok 8.8 Excellent 89 Soi Wat Suan Plu, New Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Showcasing views of Bangkok, Shangri-La Bangkok is a modern base with deluxe amenities, such as outdoor tennis courts, a limousine service and an infinity pool. It is a short drive from Patpong and offers free private parking on site. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom 8.6 Excellent 981 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Holiday Inn Bangkok Silom is ideal for guests wanting to discover Bangkok and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 1,798 verified guest reviews 8.4Solo 8.4Couples 8.4Friends 8.4Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers All photos (52) Restaurant (10) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (5) Conference room (3) Where is Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Most Popular Landmarks Central Plaza Ladprao11.0 km Rajamangala Stadium12.0 km Patpong Night Market2.0 km Silom Complex2.3 km MBK Center2.5 km Siam Square2.8 km Getting Around Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop0.5 km Bangkok Lerdsin Hospital0.9 km Bangkok Charoen Krung Rd1.0 km Bangkok Hua Lamphong Railway Station1.1 km Bangkok Saphan Taksin Bts1.2 km Bangkok Paramont1.3 km FAQs when booking at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Is pricing at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? In Bangkok, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 203. The expected nightly rate for Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers is around C$ 202; a price that is 26% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Bangkok. How close is Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 22.8 km between Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 17m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. Is there a pool at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers from the Bangkok city center? Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers is 0.5 km away from the center of Bang Rak, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers by various forms of transportation. What is the Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers please call +66 2 266 0123. Does Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers. What is the check-out time at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers? Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers, Bangkok? Prices at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 202, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 134. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers, Bangkok. A bar is also available on-site. Does Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
