https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Park_Hotel_New_York_City.htm
Royal Park Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Royal Park Hotel Royal Park Hotel Hotel 258 West 97th Street, New York, NY, United States C$ 155 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Park Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Park Hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is a 10-minute walk to the New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players and Smoke and Supper Club-Lounge. It also offers a kids club, an express check-in and check-out featur... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.5 km Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 8.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 665 7434 All policies Amenities at Royal Park Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Computer use available ATM on-site Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Elevator Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Services Ticket service Business centre Concierge service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Park Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Royal Park Hotel Morningside Inn 235 West 107th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Morningside Inn is situated in New York City and is a short walk from Cathedral Parkway-110th Street IND Eighth Avenue Line Station. A short walk from Schinasi Mansion, it provides cosy rooms equipped with wireless internet access. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hudson New York 358 West 58th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, and features an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. It is situated a brief walk from Broadway, the New York City Center and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. C$ 602 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Essex House New York 8.1 Excellent 160 Central Park South, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, JW Marriott Essex House New York provides cosy accommodation with superior amenities. With views of Central Park, the hotel also offers deluxe amenities and services, including free Wi-Fi. C$ 652 Avg. per night View Deals The Watson Hotel 8.0 Excellent 440 West 57th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Located in New York City, The Watson Hotel is within a 30-minute drive of LaGuardia Airport and offers a rooftop pool. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Royal Park Hotel All photos (19) Bedroom (14) Front desk (3) Lobby (1) Hallway (1) Where is Royal Park Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Central Park1.5 km Wall Street10.4 km Battery Park10.9 km Citi Field11.5 km Carnegie Hall3.5 km Broadway4.0 km Getting Around New York Central Park Station1.7 km New York Lower Manhattan10.1 km New York Wall Street10.4 km New York Greenwich St & Battery Place10.6 km New York Jay St11.0 km New York Brooklyn11.8 km FAQs when booking at Royal Park Hotel How close is Royal Park Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 23.8 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Royal Park Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 18m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Royal Park Hotel? Royal Park Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Royal Park Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. How close is Royal Park Hotel from the New York city center? Royal Park Hotel is just 1.1 km away from the center of Upper West Side, New York. From Royal Park Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rockefeller Center. What is the Royal Park Hotel phone number? For questions about Royal Park Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 665 7434. Does Royal Park Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Park Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Royal Park Hotel? Royal Park Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How far is Royal Park Hotel from Carnegie Hall? Royal Park Hotel is about 3.5 km from Carnegie Hall, one of New York’s most popular landmarks. Is Royal Park Hotel close to New York City Center? Royal Park Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit New York City Center, which is 3.6 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Royal Park Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
