https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Lodge_Edmonton.htm
Royal Lodge, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Royal Lodge Royal Lodge Motel 3815 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 124 reviews 6.8 C$ 71 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Lodge Royal Lodge Edmonton is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. Every room at Royal L... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.6 km Rating 6.8 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 756 6810 All policies Amenities at Royal Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Physical distancing rules Adapter First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper City view Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Washing machine Kitchenette Private parking Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Lodge Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Royal Lodge Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South 7.7 Good 3610 Gateway Boulevard Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a bowling alley, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South Hotel is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and water slides. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Sawridge Inn & Conference Centre Edmonton South 7.7 Good 4235 Gateway Blvd. N, NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and provides a swimming pool. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a ballroom. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel Edmonton South 6.7 Good 4440 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Radisson Hotel Edmonton South is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Conference Center Edmonton South, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 4485 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from University Of Alberta, Holiday Inn Conference Centre Edmonton South offers traditional accommodation in Edmonton. It also features a heated pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a Jacuzzi. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Royal Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 124 verified guest reviews 6.5Families 7.7Friends 6.6Couples 6.7Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Royal Lodge All photos (27) Bedroom (14) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Front desk (2) Where is Royal Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Galaxyland10.2 km West Edmonton Mall10.3 km Telus World of Science10.8 km Northlands Coliseum11.1 km Century Casino13.5 km Southgate Center2.0 km Getting Around Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw0.8 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw0.9 km Edmonton 11204 119 St10.0 km Edmonton12.0 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites13.8 km Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South2.0 km FAQs when booking at Royal Lodge Is pricing at Royal Lodge comparable to 2 star hotels in Edmonton? Hotels in Edmonton that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 90/night, but on average, Royal Lodge is available for 37% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Royal Lodge for C$ 77/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Edmonton. How close is Royal Lodge to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? There are 19.4 km between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Royal Lodge. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Royal Lodge? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Royal Lodge can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Royal Lodge has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Royal Lodge from the Edmonton city center? Royal Lodge is 7.6 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Royal Lodge by various forms of transportation. What is the Royal Lodge phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 780 756 6810. Does Royal Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Royal Lodge? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Royal Lodge, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Lodge, Edmonton? A good deal at Royal Lodge right now is between C$ 63 and C$ 77 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Royal Lodge have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Royal Lodge. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Royal Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
