https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Resort.htm
Royal Vacation Suites, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Royal Vacation Suites Royal Resort Hotel 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States C$ 31 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Vacation Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Vacation Suites Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a conci... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.3 km Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 5.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 735 6117 All policies Amenities at Royal Vacation Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe ATM on-site Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Hot tub Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Business centre Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Vacation Suites Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Royal Vacation Suites The Rita Suites 7.0 Good 344 East Desert Inn Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Rita Suites is set in Las Vegas and is a short walk from Las Vegas Convention Center Monorail Station. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 333 Avg. per night View Deals Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park 6.4 Good 2880 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Showcasing an indoor theme park with a double-corkscrew roller coaster and circus-themed acts, Circus Circus Hotel Casino & Theme Park is an exciting place to stay and features 4 casinos that are open 24/7. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 3-star rooms and a sports bar. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas 5.9 Okay 2830 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and offers a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Encore at Wynn Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Royal Vacation Suites All photos (14) Bedroom (3) Other (3) Building (2) Outdoors view (2) Where is Royal Vacation Suites Most Popular Landmarks High Roller1.7 km Stratosphere Tower1.8 km TPC Summerlin14.1 km Fountains of Bellagio2.4 km Crystals at City Center2.8 km MGM Grand Garden Arena3.1 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.8 km Las Vegas Westgate Hotel1.1 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.7 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.9 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd13.4 km FAQs when booking at Royal Vacation Suites How close is Royal Resort to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With a distance of 5.3 km between Royal Resort and the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 04m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Royal Resort? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Royal Resort guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. How close is Royal Resort from the Las Vegas city center? Royal Resort is 2.2 km away from the center of East of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Royal Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Royal Resort phone number? For questions about Royal Resort and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 735 6117. Does Royal Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Royal Resort? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Royal Resort. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Resort, Las Vegas? A good deal at Royal Resort right now is between C$ 25 and C$ 25 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Royal Resort? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Royal Resort, Las Vegas. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Royal Resort have a laundry service? Royal Resort does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. How far is Royal Resort from Fountains of Bellagio? The popular Fountains of Bellagio is just over 2.4 km from Royal Resort. Is Royal Resort close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.5 km from Royal Resort. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Royal Vacation Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
