https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Uno_Resort_Spa.htm
Royal Uno Resort & Spa, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Royal Uno Resort & Spa Royal Uno Resort & Spa Resort Blvd. Kukulcan Km 17 Lt. 50 Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 236 reviews 9.2 C$ 468 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Uno Resort & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Uno Resort & Spa Located in Cancun, Royal Uno Resort & Spa is a short walk from Iberostar Cancun Peninsula Convention Centre and features an outdoor heated pool, a private beach and outdoor tennis courts. It also offe... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.8 km Rating 9.2 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 954 368 1185 All policies Amenities at Royal Uno Resort & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Beach towels Fan Safety deposit box Sea view Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Shower Iron and ironing board Child pool Snack bar Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Sauna Cleaning products Tumble dryer Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Fitness centre Tennis Kids' club Playground Water park Services Wedding services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Uno Resort & Spa Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Royal Uno Resort & Spa Emporio Cancun 8.2 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Retorno Gucumatz, Km.17, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and an outdoor pool, Emporio Cancun is located in Cancun and offers peaceful accommodation. The resort offers a sauna, as well as rooms with private terraces. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals The Royal Islander - An All Suites Resort 8.2 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 17, Lote 50, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a private beach, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor heated pool, The Royal Islander - An All Suites Resort is located in Cancun and provides comfortable accommodation. Some of the facilities on offer at this 4-star resort are a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Omni Cancun Hotel & Villas 8.5 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan, L-48 KM. 16.5 M.53, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Boasting outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Omni Cancun Hotel & Villas All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers elegant accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool, a waterfall pool and a basketball court. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Seadust Cancun Family Resort 7.8 Good Blvd Kukulcan Km 17, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Seadust Cancun Family Resort - All Inclusive offers 4-star accommodation, as well as a private beach, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. It also provides a Jacuzzi, a sauna and water slides. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Royal Uno Resort & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 250 verified guest reviews 9.1Friends 8.4Solo 9.3Families 9.0Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Royal Uno Resort & Spa All photos (33) Bedroom (5) Building (5) Restaurant (5) Pool (4) Where is Royal Uno Resort & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Iberostar Golf Club Cancun0.8 km Playa Delfines1.3 km Puerto Cancun10.3 km Playa Gaviota Azul7.5 km Playa Tortugas7.6 km Getting Around Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort0.5 km Cancún Museo Maya0.8 km Cancún Paradisus1.4 km Cancún Jw Marriott Resort & Spa1.9 km Cancún Autobuses del Centro11.5 km Cancún ADO Central bus station11.5 km FAQs when booking at Royal Uno Resort & Spa How close is Royal Uno Resort & Spa to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At just 11.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to Royal Uno Resort & Spa is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Royal Uno Resort & Spa? Royal Uno Resort & Spa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Royal Uno Resort & Spa? Yes, Royal Uno Resort & Spa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Royal Uno Resort & Spa from the Cancún city center? Royal Uno Resort & Spa is just 7.1 km away from the center of Hotel Zone, Cancún. From Royal Uno Resort & Spa you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Plaza de Toros. What is the Royal Uno Resort & Spa phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +52 954 368 1185 to talk to a Royal Uno Resort & Spa front desk representative. Does Royal Uno Resort & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Uno Resort & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Royal Uno Resort & Spa? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Royal Uno Resort & Spa. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Royal Uno Resort & Spa? Royal Uno Resort & Spa check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Uno Resort & Spa, Cancún? C$ 182 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Royal Uno Resort & Spa, with average deals around C$ 576 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Royal Uno Resort & Spa? Yes, food can be ordered from the Royal Uno Resort & Spa restaurant. Opening times may vary. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Royal Uno Resort & Spa have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Royal Uno Resort & Spa. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Royal Uno Resort & Spa from Playa Delfines? You can walk to Playa Delfines while staying at Royal Uno Resort & Spa - you’ll be about 1.3 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Royal Uno Resort & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
