https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Royal_Plaza_Hotel_Hong_Kong.htm
Royal Plaza Hotel, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Royal Plaza Hotel Royal Plaza Hotel Hotel 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong ExcellentBased on 4,497 reviews 8.3 C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Plaza Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Plaza Hotel Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Ed... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 26.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2928 8822 All policies Amenities at Royal Plaza Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Shower cap Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Shopping Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Health club Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Plaza Hotel Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Cordis, Hong Kong 8.6 Excellent 555 Shanghai Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Situated in Mong Kok, Cordis Hong Kong is five minutes from Langham Place and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It has free Wi-Fi, a bar and is a stone's throw from Canton Road. The hotel boasts a variety of deluxe amenities and services, including a limousine service and Chuan Spa. The hotel's amenities, such as executive floor, meeting rooms and photocopier, children's program and babysitting services, and massage make this an ideal choice for business travellers, families and couples alike. A well-equipped fitness centre is also provided. After a day of sightseeing in the nearby region, guests can unwind in the comfort of their air conditioned rooms. They all have a flat-screen TV, an in-room safe and a mini bar. Guests of Cordis Hong Kong are welcome to experience international cuisine at The Place, or try Chinese meals at Ming Court. A buffet breakfast is served each morning. A wide selection of dining options are also available in the surrounding area. Located within a short walk of Cordis Hong Kong are Ladies Market, Fa Yuen Street and the Yaumati Theatre. The surrounding area is also known for its wide variety of shopping options. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Royal Plaza Hotel Le Prabelle Hotel 7.8 Good 372 Portland Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Set in Mong Kok, Le Prabelle Hotel is within an easy walk of Langham Place, Mong Kok Stadium and Ladies Market. It is ideally located for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Metropark Hotel Kowloon 8.0 Excellent 75 Waterloo Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Metropark Hotel Kowloon has 487 modern rooms and features a rooftop pool. It also offers a free shuttle service, an executive floor and free Wi-Fi. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Lodgewood by Nina Hospitality Mong Kok 7.9 Good 1131 Canton Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Mong Kok, this 4-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Ladies Market, Tung Choi Street and Langham Place. It is situated a brief stroll from Goldfish Street and Sai Yeung Choi Street. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Cordis, Hong Kong 8.6 Excellent 555 Shanghai Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Mong Kok, Cordis Hong Kong is five minutes from Langham Place and provides a sauna and a rooftop pool. It has free Wi-Fi, a bar and is a stone's throw from Canton Road. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Royal Plaza Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 4,495 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.2Friends 8.4Families 8.3Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date D 9.5 Excellent derick , Dec. 2019 clean and comfy A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2019 It was super great A 8.5 Great Anonymous, Oct. 2019 Well prepared, everything is handy, good A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Oct. 2019 very good, including the swimming pool A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Dec. 2019 Everything was perfect ! V 9.1 Excellent Virgo Girl, Feb. 2018 Great location. Connected to MOKO mall which has loads of eating places at various price points, restaurants to food courts, you name it, they have it! Good variety of shops too - familiar mid-range brands such as Uniqlo, Brooks Brothers, Guess, etc. Can’t beat the convenience. Taxis in abundance from hotel lobby. The mall is connected to Ladies Market via an overhead walkway...just a 10 minute walk away. P 7.9 Good Paul Chew, Mar. 2017 Overall a good clean hotel. A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Photos of Royal Plaza Hotel All photos (54) Bedroom (14) Banquet hall (5) Living room (4) Other (4) Where is Royal Plaza Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Hong Kong Disneyland13.6 km Kowloon Park2.8 km Tin Shui Wai Park22.9 km AsiaWorld-Expo23.6 km Harbour City3.2 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower3.5 km Getting Around Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station2.6 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station2.8 km Hong Kong Cz5.2 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan8.9 km FAQs when booking at Royal Plaza Hotel Is there a pool at Royal Plaza Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Hong Kong often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Royal Plaza Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Royal Plaza Hotel from the Hong Kong city center? Royal Plaza Hotel is just 0.6 km away from the center of Mong Kok, Hong Kong. From Royal Plaza Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ocean Park. What is the Royal Plaza Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Royal Plaza Hotel is by calling +852 2928 8822. Does Royal Plaza Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Plaza Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Royal Plaza Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Royal Plaza Hotel. What is the check-out time at Royal Plaza Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Plaza Hotel, Hong Kong? C$ 103 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Royal Plaza Hotel, with average deals around C$ 173 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Royal Plaza Hotel? Yes - Royal Plaza Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Royal Plaza Hotel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Royal Plaza Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
