https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Royal_Park_Hotel_Tokyo_Shiodome.htm
Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Hotel 1-6-3 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 3,531 reviews 8.8 C$ 136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Situated in Central Tokyo, The Royal Park Hotel Tokyo Shiodome is a few minutes walk to Shiodome and is moments from Nippon Television. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Tokyo Haneda Distance to airport 12.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 362 531 111 All policies Amenities at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Spa and wellness centre ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Towels Safety deposit box Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Microwave Alarm clock Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Bottle of water Tatami (traditional Japanese flooring) Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Pyjamas Pants press Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Massage Fitness centre Services Wedding services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Spa Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome 8.4 Excellent 1-9-2 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located just a short walk from Nippon Television, Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Tokyo. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Tokyo Ginza Bay Hotel 7-13-15 Ginza, Chuoku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This Tokyo hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Nippon Television. It is close to Nakagin Capsule Tower, dining options and shops. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho 8.2 Excellent 1-8-5 Hamamatsucho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Hotel Mystays Premier Hamamatsucho provides modern 3-star accommodation in Tokyo. It has a fitness centre, as well as massage services, free Wi-Fi and valet parking. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals the b shimbashi 8.2 Excellent 1-17-13 Nishi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Tokyo Electric Power Company. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 3,526 verified guest reviews 8.7Families 8.7Friends 8.9Couples 8.7Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo All photos (57) Bedroom (17) Bathroom (14) Room amenity (6) Other (5) Where is Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Most Popular Landmarks Ginza Mitsukoshi0.9 km Roppongi Hills2.8 km Toyosu Market2.9 km Akihabara Electric Town4.0 km Tokyo Dome4.7 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden5.1 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit1.5 km Tokyo1.9 km Tokyo2.0 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube2.7 km Tokyo Shinagawa4.5 km Tokyo Ueno5.7 km FAQs when booking at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Is pricing at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo comparable to 4 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo is 81% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo is typically C$ 226, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? There are 12.9 km between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo? Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Tokyo, renting a car for around C$ 95/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Tokyo Haneda Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo from the Tokyo city center? Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo is 1.6 km away from the center of Chūō, Tokyo. Consider visiting Tokyo Dome, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo by various forms of transportation. What is the Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo please call +81 362 531 111. Does Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo? Yes. You should consider staying at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo, Tokyo? Usually Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo room prices are around C$ 226/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 91/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo? There is a restaurant located in Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo. Please contact them for kitchen hours. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo from Akasaka Sacas? You can walk to Akasaka Sacas while staying at Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo - you’ll be about 2.4 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Royal Park Hotel The Shiodome, Tokyo Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
