https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Rundlestone_Lodge.htm
Rundlestone Lodge, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Rundlestone Lodge Rundlestone Lodge Hotel 537 Banff Avenue - Box 1070, Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,204 reviews 8.1 C$ 136 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Rundlestone Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Rundlestone Lodge Situated in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic retreat. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Banff. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 107.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 762 2201 All policies Amenities at Rundlestone Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Electric kettle Kid-friendly Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Hiking Ice skating Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Ski pass vendor Health club Ski storage Conference rooms Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Rundlestone Lodge Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 490 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Rundlestone Lodge Canalta Lodge 8.5 Excellent 545 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Voyager Inn 3.8 Mediocre 555 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Opened in 1964, Banff Voyager Inn is situated in Banff and provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It is ideal for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 413 Avg. per night View Deals Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa 7.7 Good 521 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated at the base of Tunnel Mountain, Banff Caribou Lodge and Spa is a comfortable place to stay in Banff and offers an indoor pool. It is ideal for those wishing to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Inns of Banff 600 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Inns of Banff offers a comfortable setting in Banff and has a swimming pool, free wireless internet and complimentary private parking on-site. It is the perfect base for those wanting to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 682 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Rundlestone Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 1,207 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.2Friends 8.1Families 8.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Rundlestone Lodge All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Pool (7) Living room (6) Building (3) Where is Rundlestone Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Banff Park Museum1.5 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens1.7 km Banff Springs Golf Club1.9 km Sunshine Village16.0 km Upper Hot Springs3.7 km Mount Norquay5.6 km Getting Around Banff Banff Ave0.2 km Banff Marmot Cresent0.2 km Banff Red-Carpet Inn0.7 km Banff Hidden Ridge Way0.9 km Banff Mount Royal1.2 km Banff Banff, Ab1.3 km FAQs when booking at Rundlestone Lodge Is pricing at Rundlestone Lodge comparable to 3 star hotels in Banff? Rundlestone Lodge is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Banff. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 165 per night in Banff. Rundlestone Lodge will run you C$ 185 per night, which is 17% cheaper than the Banff average. Is there a pool at Rundlestone Lodge? Yes, Rundlestone Lodge has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. What is the Rundlestone Lodge phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 403 762 2201 to talk to a Rundlestone Lodge front desk representative. Does Rundlestone Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Rundlestone Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Rundlestone Lodge? Yes, there is a gym available to Rundlestone Lodge guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Rundlestone Lodge? The standard check-out time at Rundlestone Lodge is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Rundlestone Lodge, Banff? A good deal at Rundlestone Lodge right now is between C$ 99 and C$ 185 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Rundlestone Lodge? Rundlestone Lodge does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Rundlestone Lodge have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Rundlestone Lodge from Banff Park Museum? You can walk to Banff Park Museum while staying at Rundlestone Lodge - you’ll be about 1.5 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Rundlestone Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
