https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Saint_Lawrence_Residences_and_Suites.htm
Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Hotel 135 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada OkayBased on 295 reviews 5.0 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city cent... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 5.0 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 20.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 361 0053 All policies Amenities at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Minibar Shampoo Free toiletries Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock No smoking Kitchenware Stovetop Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Privacy curtain Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Kitchen Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Show more Activities Library Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Key access Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 583 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 661 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 556 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Holiday Inn Express Toronto Downtown 8.1 Excellent 111 Lombard Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is ideally located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hotel & Suites 225 Jarvis Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, Grand Hotel & Suites offers easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also features a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Cambridge Suites Toronto 8.8 Excellent 15 Richmond Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Cambridge Suites Toronto provides easy access to Toronto's main retail and sightseeing areas. Guests also have exclusive access to the Glassworks Gym and Spa and Glassworks Gym and Spa. C$ 239 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Planet Traveler Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 343 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.0 PassableBased on 295 verified guest reviews 4.3Friends 5.2Solo 5.4Families 5.0Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites All photos (29) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (4) Living room (3) Balcony (2) Where is Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Most Popular Landmarks Massey Hall0.5 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.5 km Toronto Eaton Centre0.6 km Union Station1.1 km Distillery District1.1 km Scotiabank Arena1.2 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus1.0 km Toronto Union Station1.1 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.6 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.0 km Toronto Weston12.4 km Toronto Downsview Park14.0 km FAQs when booking at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites How close is Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At just 20 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites? Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Toronto, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites from the Toronto city center? Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is just 0.4 km away from the center of Moss Park, Toronto. From Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as CN Tower. What is the Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites phone number? For questions about Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 416 361 0053. Does Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites, Toronto? C$ 123 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites, with average deals around C$ 172 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites from Rogers Centre? Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites is about 1.9 km from Rogers Centre, one of Toronto’s most popular landmarks. Is Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites close to Royal Ontario Museum? Royal Ontario Museum is also a popular place to see in Toronto. It is 2.4 km from Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Saint Lawrence Residences and Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
