https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Salem_Massachusetts-vacation-rentals.htm
Salem, Massachusetts Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Salem, MA Search and compare Salem, MA vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Salem, MA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Salem, MA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Salem Hotels 52 Salem Vacation Rentals 38 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Salem Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Harmony Medical Suites China Town 7.8 Good Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 39 reviews 7.8 Boston Medical Suites ChinaTown is set in Boston and is a short walk from South Station. It also provides a business centre, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. View Deals All 52 vacation rentals in Salem Tips for booking vacation rentals in Salem Cheapest month: September Most expensive month: April Average price in Salem: C$ 351/night Cheapest price found: C$ 66/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Monday C$ 66 - C$ 580 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 170 - C$ 1,253 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Hotels in popular Massachusetts cities Boston Cambridge Provincetown Andover Brookline Medford Chelsea Peabody West Springfield Natick Show more Vacation rentals in popular Massachusetts cities Boston Cambridge Provincetown Brookline Hyannis Salem Eastham Plymouth Edgartown North Truro Show more Facts about staying in Salem How much does a vacation rental in Salem cost? Salem vacation rentals are C$ 351/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, October is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Salem, and September is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 66/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 299/night or less is still considered a good deal. What part of Salem is best to stay in? Downtown is the best part of Salem to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Salem vacation rentals, 94% of them looked for stays in the Downtown neighbourhood in the last year. The Temple Place Suites happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Downtown neighbourhood of Salem. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Salem Hotels 52 Salem Vacation Rentals 38 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
