https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Samana-vacation-rentals.htm
Samaná, the Dominican Republic Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Samaná, the Dominican Republic Search and compare Samaná, the Dominican Republic vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Samaná, Dominican Republic 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Samaná, Dominican Republic Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 Samaná Hotels 1,336 Samaná Hotels 305 Samaná Vacation Rentals 180 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Samaná Cheapest month: May Most expensive month: February Average price in Samaná: C$ 247/night Cheapest price found: C$ 49/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 67 - C$ 623 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 74 - C$ 203 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Hotels in popular the Dominican Republic cities Punta Cana Puerto Plata Bayahibe La Romana Sosúa Cabarete Santo Domingo Bavaro Higüey Sabana de La Mar Show more Vacation rentals in popular the Dominican Republic cities Punta Cana Puerto Plata Bayahibe La Romana Samaná Sosúa Cabarete Santo Domingo Higüey Boca Chica Show more Facts about staying in Samaná How much does a vacation rental in Samaná cost? Samaná vacation rentals are C$ 247/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, July is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Samaná, and October is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 50/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 220/night or less is still considered a good deal. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Samaná? Yes, there are 5 Resort vacation rentals in Samaná. According to our data, Bahia Principe Grand El Portillo is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home Dominican Republic Hotels 14,529 Samaná Hotels 1,336 Samaná Hotels 305 Samaná Vacation Rentals 180 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
