https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Samesun_Vancouver.htm
Samesun Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Samesun Vancouver Samesun Vancouver Hostel 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 3,028 reviews 7.5 C$ 48 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Samesun Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Samesun Vancouver Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Coal Harbour Distance to airport 1.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 682 8226 All policies Amenities at Samesun Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Reading light Linens Towels Fan Adults only Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Kitchen/Kitchenette Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Delivered food is securely covered Continental breakfast Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Privacy curtain Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Library Beach access Pool table Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Samesun Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Samesun Vancouver HI Vancouver Central 1025 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, HI Vancouver Central provides easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 602 Avg. per night View Deals Level Vancouver - Yaletown Seymour 8.6 Excellent 1022 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in the heart of the city, LEVEL Furnished Living Yaletown-Seymour provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western Premier Chateau Granville Hotel & Suites & Conf. Centre 8.0 Excellent 1100 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It is close to Contemporary Art Gallery, shops and nightlife options. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good 1110 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as an indoor pool, body treatments and a sauna. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Manor Guest House West 13Th Avenue 345, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located in Vancouver, The Manor Guest House Vancouver is an easy drive from Granville Street and Stanley Park. It is close to Vancouver City Hall, eateries and shops. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Samesun Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 3,028 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo 6.8Families 7.2Couples 7.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Samesun Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (22) Kitchen (8) Bathroom (5) Other (4) Where is Samesun Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km BC Place Stadium0.8 km Rogers Arena1.1 km Granville Island Public Market1.1 km False Creek1.1 km Waterfront Centre1.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.2 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.7 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.8 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.9 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.1 km FAQs when booking at Samesun Vancouver Is pricing at Samesun Vancouver comparable to 2 star hotels in Vancouver? Samesun Vancouver is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Vancouver. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 135 per night in Vancouver. Samesun Vancouver will run you C$ 70 per night, which is 62% cheaper than the Vancouver average. How close is Samesun Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With no traffic, the 1.4 km drive between Samesun Vancouver and Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Samesun Vancouver? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Samesun Vancouver guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. How close is Samesun Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Samesun Vancouver is just 0.4 km away from the center of Yaletown, Vancouver. From Samesun Vancouver you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Samesun Vancouver phone number? For questions about Samesun Vancouver and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 682 8226. Does Samesun Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Samesun Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Samesun Vancouver? Samesun Vancouver check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Samesun Vancouver, Vancouver? C$ 37 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Samesun Vancouver, with average deals around C$ 70 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Samesun Vancouver? Yes, food can be ordered from the Samesun Vancouver restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hostel also has a bar. Does Samesun Vancouver have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Samesun Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? Samesun Vancouver is about 1.5 km from TELUS World of Science, one of Vancouver’s most popular landmarks. Is Samesun Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? 1.1 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Samesun Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Samesun Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
