https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/San_Diego-vacation-rentals.htm
San Diego, California Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in San Diego, CA Search and compare San Diego, CA vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save San Diego, CA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests San Diego, CA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 San Diego Hotels 6,933 San Diego Vacation Rentals 6,142 Tips for booking vacation rentals in San Diego Cheapest month: April Most expensive month: May Average price in San Diego: C$ 371/night Cheapest price found: C$ 155/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 156 - C$ 1,121 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 202 - C$ 713 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in San Diego, California Show all 6,933 hotels Stay Alfred On 10th Avenue San Diego, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, San Diego, CA, United States Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in San Diego. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 295 Avg. per night View Deals Stay Alfred on G Street San Diego, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, San Diego, CA, United States Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in San Diego. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 324 Avg. per night View Deals Where to stay in San Diego Hotels in popular San Diego neighbourhoods La Jolla, San Diego vacation rentals Mira Mesa, San Diego vacation rentals Ocean Beach, San Diego vacation rentals Bay Ho, San Diego vacation rentals Mission Valley West, San Diego vacation rentals Rolando, San Diego vacation rentals Pacific Beach, San Diego vacation rentals Downtown, San Diego vacation rentals Old Town, San Diego vacation rentals Hillcrest, San Diego vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular California cities Los Angeles San Francisco Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood West Hollywood Garden Grove Monterey Carlsbad Show more Vacation rentals in popular California cities Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood West Hollywood Garden Grove Monterey Show more Facts about staying in San Diego How much does a vacation rental in San Diego cost? San Diego vacation rentals are C$ 371/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, May is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in San Diego, and April is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 156/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 317/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to San Diego Airport? It’s only 2.6 km from San Diego Airport to Stay Alfred On Kettner Boulevard (the nearest San Diego vacation rental to the airport). What part of San Diego is best to stay in? Mission Bay is the best part of San Diego to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at San Diego vacation rentals, 83% of them looked for stays in the Mission Bay neighbourhood in the last year. The Waterfront San Diego Condo - Walk to Mission Beach happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Mission Bay neighbourhood of San Diego. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in San Diego? Yes, there are 79 Resort vacation rentals in San Diego. According to our data, Catamaran Resort Hotel and Spa is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 San Diego Hotels 6,933 San Diego Vacation Rentals 6,142 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
