https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sandman_Hotel_Vancouver_City_Centre.htm
Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Hotel 180 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,552 reviews 6.8 C$ 149 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Centrally located, Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Centre offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 681 2211 All policies Amenities at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool Socket near the bed Additional toilet Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Eco tourism Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Key access 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Ywca Hotel Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 733 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Conveniently located, YWCA Hotel Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This charming hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Georgian Court Hotel, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 773 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Georgian Court Hotel BW Premier Collection offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to BC Place Stadium. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown 8.2 Excellent 111 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton- Downtown Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing areas. This award-winning hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Blu Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 177 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,552 verified guest reviews 6.8Friends 6.8Families 6.9Solo 6.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date G 9.7 Excellent Gail, May 2017 I liked the locality it was easy to get around and find. making a cup of tea in room hard as no electric kettle. coffee maker didn't get water hot enough Photos of Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown All photos (36) Bedroom (10) Restaurant (5) Bar (4) Pool (3) Where is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Most Popular Landmarks BC Place Stadium0.2 km Rogers Arena0.3 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km TELUS World of Science0.9 km Science World at TELUS World of Science0.9 km Waterfront Centre0.9 km Getting Around Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.1 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.8 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station1.2 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.4 km FAQs when booking at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown How close is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? There are 1.3 km between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown. Is there a pool at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown? Yes, Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown from the Vancouver city center? Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown is 0.4 km away from the center of Downtown, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown by various forms of transportation. What is the Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 681 2211 to talk to a Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown front desk representative. Does Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown? Yes, Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown? Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown, Vancouver? Prices at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 173, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 56. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown? Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown - you’ll be about 0.9 km away. Is Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown close to Rogers Arena? Rogers Arena is also a popular place to see in Vancouver. It is 0.3 km from Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
