https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sandman_Suites_Vancouver_on_Davie.htm
Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Hotel 1160 Davie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 1,621 reviews 7.3 C$ 170 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie provides trendy 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. Guests of Sandman Suites On Davie Vancouv... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 681 7263 All policies Amenities at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Sunset Inn And Suites 8.4 Excellent 1111 Burnaby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Sunset Inn and Suites provides complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals The Burrard 8.2 Excellent 1100 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Century Plaza Hotel & Spa 8.1 Excellent 1015 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty salon, Century Plaza Hotel & Spa is situated in Vancouver and boasts 4-star accommodation. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Contemporary Art Gallery, the Orpheum and Vancouver Art Gallery. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre 8.3 Excellent 1000 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is a convenient base for exploring local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 1,620 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.4Solo 7.3Couples 7.1Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie All photos (53) Bedroom (15) Kitchen (5) Bathroom (4) Conference room (4) Where is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Most Popular Landmarks Granville Island Public Market1.0 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.1 km False Creek1.3 km BC Place Stadium1.6 km Kitsilano Beach1.6 km Waterfront Centre1.6 km Getting Around Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.0 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.6 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.2 km FAQs when booking at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie How close is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 1.6 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie. The average expected drive time from Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie. Is there a pool at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Vancouver often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie from the Vancouver city center? Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie is just 0.6 km away from the center of West End, Vancouver. From Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie phone number? You can reach the front desk of Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie at +1 604 681 7263. Does Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie? Yes. You should consider staying at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie, Vancouver? Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 177/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 89/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie from TELUS World of Science? Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie is a good place to stay to see TELUS World of Science. It’s 2.3 km away. Is Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie close to Rogers Arena? If you want to see Rogers Arena while visiting Vancouver, Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie is just 1.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
