https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Santa_Cruz_de_Tenerife-vacation-rentals.htm
Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain Search and compare Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Canary Islands Hotels 46,212 Tenerife Hotels 17,278 Santa Cruz de Tenerife Hotels 748 Santa Cruz de Tenerife Vacation Rentals 670 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Apartamentos Be Smart Florida Plaza 6.9 Good Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 699 reviews 6.9 Offering an outdoor pool, Apartamentos Be Smart Florida Plaza is located in Puerto de la Cruz and is a brief stroll from the Archaeological Museum of Puerto de la Cruz. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. View Deals Apartamentos Bruja 8.5 Excellent Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain ExcellentBased on 958 reviews 8.5 Located in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Apartamentos Bruja is within a 15-minute drive of Tenerife Norte Airport and provides a swimming pool. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. View Deals Panoramica Garden 7.7 Good La Longuera, Los Realejos, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Los Realejos, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 1,751 reviews 7.7 Located in Los Realejos, Hotel Panoramica Garden is a short drive from Puerto de la Cruz and provides a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. It offers 3-star accommodation and views of the sea. View Deals Apartamentos Casablanca 8.6 Excellent Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain ExcellentBased on 861 reviews 8.6 Apartamentos Casablanca provides modern 3-star accommodation in Puerto de la Cruz. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, fitness classes and a sauna. View Deals Regency Torviscas Apartments and Suites 7.9 Good Adeje, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Adeje, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 819 reviews 7.9 This comfortable hotel in Adeje offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. It features comfortable rooms with a private bathroom and a kitchen. View Deals Apartamentos Teneguia 7.3 Good Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 121 reviews 7.3 Apartamentos Teneguia is situated in the city's well known tourism and shopping district. Popular facilities, such as an outdoor pool and a sauna, make for an enjoyable stay in Puerto de la Cruz. View Deals Los Rodeos Luxury Vivienda Vacacional 8.8 Excellent Tegueste, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tegueste, Tenerife, Spain ExcellentBased on 537 reviews 8.8 Situated in Tegueste, Los Rodeos Apartments is within easy driving distance of San Cristobal de La Laguna and provides an airport shuttle, a lift and a designated smoking area. It also offers a vending machine. View Deals Vistamar 7.9 Good Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 88 reviews 7.9 Located in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Vistamar Santa Cruz de Tenerife is within a 20-minute drive of Tenerife Norte Airport and offers an outdoor pool. It also provides a terrace, an airport shuttle and a designated smoking area. View Deals Poblado Marinero Calle Los Guios, Puerto de Santiago, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Puerto de Santiago, Tenerife, Spain Current in its design, Apartamentos Poblado Marinero is situated in a popular area of Santiago del Teide. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. View Deals Club Tarahal 7.8 Good Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain GoodBased on 568 reviews 7.8 Situated in Puerto de la Cruz, Club Tarahal is a short walk from the Botanical Gardens and offers an outdoor heated pool. It also provides luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. View Deals All 748 vacation rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Tips for booking vacation rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Cheapest month: September Most expensive month: July Average price in Santa Cruz de Tenerife: C$ 89/night Cheapest price found: C$ 35/night Cheapest day: Saturday Most expensive day: Monday C$ 63 - C$ 126 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 73 - C$ 107 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rentals Show all 748 hotels 1 Muthu Royal Park Albatros 7.2 Good Avenida Galvan Bello, San Miguel De Abona, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, San Miguel De Abona, Tenerife, Spain This comfortable hotel in San Miguel de Abona provides free Wi-Fi, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan and a swimming pool. Those staying at the property have access to a bowling alley, a plunge pool and a sun deck. View Deals 2 Apartamentos Isla Tenerife Sur 8.1 Excellent Los Abrigos, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Los Abrigos, Tenerife, Spain Offering free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool, Apartamentos Isla Tenerife Sur is located in Granadilla de Abona and is a short stroll from Los Roques Restaurante. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain Show all 748 hotels Apartment Park Plaza 6.8 Good Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Apartamentos Park Plaza is a comfortable base when visiting Puerto de la Cruz and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals La Carabela 7.1 Good Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain Apartamentos La Carabela is located in Puerto de la Cruz and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also features a rooftop terrace, an outdoor pool and a swimming pool. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Tinerfe Garden 7.3 Good Adeje, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Adeje, Tenerife, Spain Situated in Adeje, Apartamentos Tinerfe Garden is an easy drive from Playa de las Americas and provides a beauty centre, a sun deck and a swimming pool. It is located just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Pirámides 6.6 Good Playa de las Américas, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Playa de las Américas, Tenerife, Spain Apartamentos Piramides provides a charming setting when in Playa de las Americas and is close to everything the area has to offer. Those staying at the property have access to a sun deck, a hair salon and an outdoor pool. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Playaflor Chill Out Resort, a 50 mtrs de la playa AV.Rafael Puig Lluvina 3, Playa de las Américas, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Playa de las Américas, Tenerife, Spain Playaflor Chill-Out Resort is a modern setting while visiting Playa de las Americas and is close to everything the area has to offer. It showcases views of La Gomera, and features an outdoor pool. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Pearly Grey Ocean Club Apartments & Suites 8.6 Excellent Callao Salvaje, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Callao Salvaje, Tenerife, Spain Conveniently situated and offering a swimming pool, this comfortable hotel is located an easy drive from Playa de las Americas. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Apartamentos Playa Olid 8.1 Excellent Adeje, Tenerife, Spain Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Adeje, Tenerife, Spain Playa Olid Suites & Apartments is a relaxed setting while visiting Adeje and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Santa Cruz de Tenerife 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Playaflor Chill Out Resort, a 50 mtrs de la playa AV.Rafael Puig Lluvina 3, Playa de las Américas, Tenerife, Spain C$ 98 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Muthu Royal Park Albatros Avenida Galvan Bello, San Miguel De Abona, Tenerife, Spain 7.2 C$ 114 View Deal #2 Most popular Panoramica Garden La Longuera, Los Realejos, Tenerife, Spain 7.7 C$ 68 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Hotels in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Lloret de Mar Show more Vacation rentals in popular Spain cities Barcelona Madrid Málaga Granada Seville Playa de las Américas Ibiza Palma de Mallorca Los Cristianos Santa Cruz de Tenerife Show more Facts about staying in Santa Cruz de Tenerife How much does a vacation rental in Santa Cruz de Tenerife cost? Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rentals are C$ 89/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, October is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, and December is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 35/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 73/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rental? Apartamentos Pez Azul has a 7.4 rating from 2 users, making it the best Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Santa Cruz de Tenerife Tenerife-Norte Airport? It’s only 1.7 km from Santa Cruz de Tenerife Tenerife-Norte Airport to Los Rodeos Luxury Vivienda Vacacional (the nearest Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rental to the airport). What’s the most popular vacation rental in Santa Cruz de Tenerife near Teresitas Beach? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Teresitas Beach while in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, then the most popular is Apartamentos Pez Azul with a 7.4/10 review score from 2 users. The distance from Teresitas Beach to Apartamentos Pez Azul is 36.5 km. Are there Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rentals with “towels” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 16 Santa Cruz de Tenerife vacation rentals mention “towels” under their list of amenities. The Regency Torviscas Apartments and Suites is the most popular vacation rental in Santa Cruz de Tenerife that features this amenity. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife? Yes, there are 10 Resort vacation rentals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife. According to our data, Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Canary Islands Hotels 46,212 Tenerife Hotels 17,278 Santa Cruz de Tenerife Hotels 748 Santa Cruz de Tenerife Vacation Rentals 670 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
