https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Savoy_Hotel_Myeongdong.htm
Savoy Hotel Myeongdong, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Hotel 10, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 233 reviews 8.2 C$ 56 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is located in Seoul and features a rooftop terrace. It is close to Myeongdong Cathedral, eateries and shops. This modern hotel provides a 24-hour reception, an express ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2772 7700 All policies Amenities at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Minibar Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Adapter Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong premier 7.3 Good 9, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, Ekonomy Hotel Myeongdong Premier is close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also offers a rooftop terrace, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I 8.2 Excellent 15, Myeongdong 8na-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located amongst a range of attractions, shops and eateries, Hotel Skypark Myeongdong I is ideal for those wishing to discover Seoul and its surroundings. The numerous amenities this modern hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a safe and a 24-hour reception. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong 7.7 Good 115 Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 & 2), Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Solaria Nishitetsu Hotel Seoul Myeongdong 8.9 Excellent 27 Myeong-Dong 8-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Central Seoul, Solaria Nishitetsu Hotel Seoul Myeongdong is minutes away from Myeongdong Cathedral. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Savoy Hotel Myeongdong 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 234 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 8.1Families 8.3Friends 8.1Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Savoy Hotel Myeongdong All photos (25) Bedroom (6) Building (4) Bathroom (2) Lobby (2) Where is Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.3 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.0 km Dongdaemun Market2.3 km Dongdaemun Gate2.5 km Yeouido Park6.7 km COEX Mall8.4 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.5 km Seoul Yongsan3.9 km Seoul Cheongnyangni6.1 km Seoul Sangbong9.7 km FAQs when booking at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Is pricing at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? The average rate for a night at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is 58% less than the Seoul average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is typically C$ 82, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Seoul. How close is Savoy Hotel Myeongdong to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is 16.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Savoy Hotel Myeongdong? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Savoy Hotel Myeongdong from the Seoul city center? Savoy Hotel Myeongdong is 0.1 km away from the center of Jung-gu, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Savoy Hotel Myeongdong by various forms of transportation. What is the Savoy Hotel Myeongdong phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 2772 7700. Does Savoy Hotel Myeongdong have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Savoy Hotel Myeongdong has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong? Savoy Hotel Myeongdong has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong, Seoul? C$ 42 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong, with average deals around C$ 82 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong? Savoy Hotel Myeongdong does have a restaurant. Does Savoy Hotel Myeongdong have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Savoy Hotel Myeongdong from Dongdaemun Gate? You can walk to Dongdaemun Gate while staying at Savoy Hotel Myeongdong - you’ll be about 2.5 km away. Is Savoy Hotel Myeongdong close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 1.7 km between Gwanghwamun and Savoy Hotel Myeongdong. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Savoy Hotel Myeongdong Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
