https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Scottish_Inn_Near_the_Falls_and_Casino.htm
Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino Hotel 5265 Lorne Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 219 reviews 7.5 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Situated in Niagara Falls City, Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino is a short walk from the Niagara SkyWheel and features free Wi-Fi, outdoor tennis courts and a swimming pool. The various facilit... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 78.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 371 3111 All policies Amenities at Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric blankets Electric kettle Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Raised toilet Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules Adapter First-aid kit Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Balcony Bathtub Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Picnic area Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Bicycle rental Tennis Playground Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Olympia Motel 6.9 Good 5099 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Victoria, Olympia Motel Niagara Falls City is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Niagara Falls and Niagara River. The various amenities this charming motel has to offer include an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals The Glengate Hotel & Suites 7.3 Good 5534 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, The Glengate Hotel & Suites is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides comfortable accommodation. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn & Suites By Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St. By The Falls 7.9 Good 5068 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Days by Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St By the Falls is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to local sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and Fallsview Indoor Waterpark. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls 7.5 Good 5943 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 219 verified guest reviews 7.7Friends 7.3Couples 7.5Solo 7.5Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way All photos (10) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (2) Building (1) Front desk (1) Where is Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Most Popular Landmarks Niagara SkyWheel0.6 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.8 km Casino Niagara0.9 km Niagara Falls Tower0.9 km Rainbow Bridge1.0 km Queen Victoria Park1.0 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.7 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.5 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.9 km Niagara Falls2.1 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW4.1 km FAQs when booking at Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way How close is Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Niagara Falls Tower, which you can get to from Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino using any means of transportation. What is the Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino phone number? The best way to contact Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino is by calling +1 905 371 3111. Does Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino, Niagara Falls? Prices at Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 135, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 68. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino from Skylon Tower? Skylon Tower in Niagara Falls is 1.1 km away from Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino. Is Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino close to Marineland? The distance from Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino to Marineland is 3.3 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
