https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Seaport_Boston_Hotel.htm
Seaport Boston Hotel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 Seaport Boston Hotel Seaport Boston Hotel Hotel 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,853 reviews 8.9 C$ 230 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Seaport Boston Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Seaport Boston Hotel Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi a... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 3.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 385 4000 All policies Amenities at Seaport Boston Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Indoor pool Key card access Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Safe Coffee machine Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Aerobics Fitness centre Streaming service Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Health club Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Seaport Boston Hotel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 994 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 861 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 467 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Seaport Boston Hotel Yotel Boston 7.9 Good 65 Seaport Boulevard, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel YOTEL Boston offers comfortable accommodation and is a brief walk from Courthouse Bus Station. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals The Envoy Hotel Autograph Collection 8.3 Excellent 70 Sleeper Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel The Envoy Hotel Autograph Collection is situated amongst Boston's well-known restaurants and cafés, just a brief walk from Courthouse Bus Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 366 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall 8.2 Excellent 89 Broad Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall provides modern accommodation in Boston and is a few minutes on foot from South Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Harborside Inn 8.2 Excellent 185 State Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Harborside Inn Boston offers easy access to Boston's best tourist attractions. It also provides free wireless internet. C$ 160 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 356 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Seaport Boston Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 1,853 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 8.8Solo 9.0Friends 9.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Seaport Boston Hotel All photos (50) Other (12) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Building (4) Where is Seaport Boston Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Quincy Market1.7 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace1.7 km Boston Common2.1 km TD Garden2.6 km Copley Place3.1 km Prudential Center3.4 km Getting Around Boston TWS1.2 km Boston South Station1.2 km Boston 85 Bedford St1.6 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.7 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.7 km Boston Surface Artery at North St1.8 km FAQs when booking at Seaport Boston Hotel Is pricing at Seaport Boston Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Boston? There is a 47% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Boston and the average nightly rate at Seaport Boston Hotel. The rate at Seaport Boston Hotel is just C$ 264/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Boston. How close is Seaport Boston Hotel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? At 3.3 km away, Boston Logan Intl Airport is the closest airport to Seaport Boston Hotel. The average expected drive time from Seaport Boston Hotel to Boston Logan Intl Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Seaport Boston Hotel? Seaport Boston Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Seaport Boston Hotel considered pet-friendly? Seaport Boston Hotel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Seaport Boston Hotel. Is there a pool at Seaport Boston Hotel? Yes, Seaport Boston Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Seaport Boston Hotel from the Boston city center? The center of Seaport District, Boston, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Seaport Boston Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Museum of Fine Arts, which you can get to from Seaport Boston Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Seaport Boston Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 617 385 4000 to talk to a Seaport Boston Hotel front desk representative. Does Seaport Boston Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Seaport Boston Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Seaport Boston Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Seaport Boston Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Seaport Boston Hotel? Seaport Boston Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Seaport Boston Hotel, Boston? Seaport Boston Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 264/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 84/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Seaport Boston Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Seaport Boston Hotel for opening and last order times. The hotel also has a bar. Does Seaport Boston Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Seaport Boston Hotel, Boston. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Seaport Boston Hotel from Museum of Science? The popular Museum of Science is just over 3.2 km from Seaport Boston Hotel. Is Seaport Boston Hotel close to New England Aquarium? The distance from Seaport Boston Hotel to New England Aquarium is 1.3 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 Seaport Boston Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
