https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sejong_Hotel.htm
Sejong Hotel, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Sejong Hotel Sejong Hotel Hotel 145, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 705 reviews 8.0 C$ 103 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sejong Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sejong Hotel Sejong Hotel is situated in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is moments on foot from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). This 4-star hotel p... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 49.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2773 6000 All policies Amenities at Sejong Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Sejong Hotel Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Sejong Hotel Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 7.9 Good 302, Samil-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also provides a rooftop terrace, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals L7 Myeongdong By Lotte 8.7 Excellent 137 Toegye-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated next to Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4), L7 Myeongdong by LOTTE is an ideal base when visiting Seoul. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Won's Ville Myeongdong 162-3, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated only a short walk from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4), Won's Ville Myeongdong offers guests an ideal base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sejong Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 705 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 7.9Families 8.0Solo 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date A 5.7 Passable Anonymous, Dec. 2017 The room was poorly isolated. sounds of other guests walking past the door can be clearly heard. The bedding and pillows were uncomfortable. Didnt get a good nights sleep. :( K 8.4 Great Kim, Apr. 2017 Great location, the hotel is in the heart of famous Myeongdong shopping street and shuttle bus for both airports are close to the hotel. Photos of Sejong Hotel All photos (27) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Front desk (2) Where is Sejong Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.0 km Dongdaemun Market2.0 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.1 km Dongdaemun Gate2.2 km Yeouido Park6.9 km COEX Mall8.1 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.7 km Seoul Yongsan4.1 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.8 km Seoul Sangbong9.4 km FAQs when booking at Sejong Hotel Is pricing at Sejong Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Seoul? Hotels in Seoul that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 241/night, but on average, Sejong Hotel is available for 55% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Sejong Hotel for C$ 147/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Seoul. How close is Sejong Hotel to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At 16.5 km away, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is the closest airport to Sejong Hotel. The average expected drive time from Sejong Hotel to Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Sejong Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Sejong Hotel from the Seoul city center? Sejong Hotel is just 0.2 km away from the center of Jung-gu, Seoul. From Sejong Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Sejong Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Sejong Hotel is by calling +82 (0) 2773 6000. Does Sejong Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sejong Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sejong Hotel? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Sejong Hotel. What is the check-out time at Sejong Hotel? The standard check-out time at Sejong Hotel is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Sejong Hotel, Seoul? A good deal at Sejong Hotel right now is between C$ 78 and C$ 147 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Sejong Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Sejong Hotel. How far is Sejong Hotel from Dongdaemun Gate? Sejong Hotel is about 2.2 km from Dongdaemun Gate, one of Seoul’s most popular landmarks. Is Sejong Hotel close to Gwanghwamun? 1.9 km - making Gwanghwamun a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Sejong Hotel. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Sejong Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
