https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Seoul-vacation-rentals.htm
Seoul, South Korea Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Seoul, South Korea Search and compare Seoul, South Korea vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Seoul, South Korea 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Seoul, South Korea Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Seoul Vacation Rentals 986 Cheapest vacation rentals in Seoul, South Korea Show all 4,720 hotels Stay Seoul 8.2 Excellent Seoul, South Korea Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Stay Seoul Residence is set in Seoul and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Hanyang University. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Jsm Studio 10.0 Excellent B-03, 157, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Situated in Mapo-gu, Jsm Studio is a short walk from the Rolling Hall. It offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Hongdae Area, Surrounding Area of Hongik University and Hongdae Happy Day Spa. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Seoul Loft Apartments - Sla 7 Night Minimum 7.0 Good 158, Changgyeonggung-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Seoul Loft Apartments - SLA is set in Central Seoul and is a 10-minute walk from Marronnier Park and the Jongmyo. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and a rooftop terrace. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals The Sweet Castle Apartment 8.7 Excellent 603-5, Yeoksam-Dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just 10 minutes' walk from Sinnonhyeon Subway Station (Line 9), Sweet Castle has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while in Seoul. Guests can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals Edencity Apartment Samsung Coex Station 10, Teheran-ro 88 Gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Seoul property is located within a 10-minute stroll of City Airport Terminal. It also offers a safe, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Dongdaemun Pr. Mondern Studio 23, Cheonho-Daero, Dongdaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 5.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Situated only a short walk from Sinseol-dong Subway Station (Line 2), Dongdaemun Modern Studio provides guests with an ideal base while in Seoul. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Central Apartment 10.0 Excellent Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Seoul Station Subway Station (Line 1 & 4), the property offers guests a convenient base while in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Seoul 2 stars and under #1 Most popular The Sweet Castle Apartment 603-5, Yeoksam-Dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea 8.7 C$ 114 View Deal #2 Most popular Edencity Apartment Samsung Coex Station 10, Teheran-ro 88 Gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 132 View Deal Best value Jsm Studio B-03, 157, Yanghwa-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea 10.0 C$ 83 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Seoul Loft Apartments - Sla 7 Night Minimum 158, Changgyeonggung-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea 7.0 C$ 106 View Deal #2 Most popular Kang's Apartments in Central Seoul 100, Bugahyeon-ro 22-Gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 68 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Seoul Vacation rentals in popular South Korea cities Seoul Jeju City Busan Seogwipo Incheon Yeosu Sokcho Gangneung Daegu Gyeongju Show more Hotels in popular South Korea cities Jeju City Busan Seogwipo Incheon Yeosu Seongnam Jeonju Sokcho Gangneung Danyang Show more Hotels in popular Seoul neighbourhoods Songpa-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Jung-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Guro-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Seongdong-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Hoehyeon-dong, Seoul vacation rentals Gangdong-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Gangbuk-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Yongsan-gu, Seoul vacation rentals Myeong-dong, Seoul vacation rentals Show more Facts about staying in Seoul How much does a vacation rental in Seoul cost? Seoul vacation rentals are C$ 201/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, July is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Seoul, and August is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 33/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 199/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Seoul vacation rental? The Sweet Castle Apartment has a 8.7 rating from 11 users, making it the best Seoul vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? It’s only 10.8 km from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Jsm Studio (the nearest Seoul vacation rental to the airport). What part of Seoul is best to stay in? Ilsandong-gu is the best part of Seoul to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Seoul vacation rentals, 83% of them looked for stays in the Ilsandong-gu neighbourhood in the last year. The Ilsan Spacious Apartment / 2 bedroom available. happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Ilsandong-gu neighbourhood of Seoul. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Seoul near Gyeongbokgung Palace? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Gyeongbokgung Palace while in Seoul, then the most popular is Seoul Loft Apartments - Sla 7 Night Minimum with a 7.0/10 review score from 23 users. The distance from Gyeongbokgung Palace to Seoul Loft Apartments - Sla 7 Night Minimum is 1.8 km. Are there Seoul vacation rentals with “restaurant” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 1 Seoul vacation rental mentions “restaurant” under their list of amenities. The Seoul Loft Apartments - Sla 7 Night Minimum is the most popular vacation rental in Seoul that features this amenity. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Seoul? Yes, there are 319 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Seoul. According to our data, Uljiro Co-Op Residence is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Seoul Vacation Rentals 986 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
