https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Service_Plus_Inn_and_Suites_Calgary.htm
Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Hotel 3503 114 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 208 reviews 8.2 C$ 138 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary provides 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It also offers a Jacuzzi, water slides and an indoor pool. The hotel provides an express check-in and check-out f... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.4 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 19.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 256 5352 All policies Amenities at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Smartphone dock Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Water slide Show more Activities Massage Casino Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Water park Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino 8.1 Excellent 1000, 11500 - 35 Street SE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Deerfoot Inn and Casino provides 4-star accommodation in Calgary. It also features an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 7.8 Good 8001 11 Street Se, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.4 km from current hotel Boasting an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna, Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides luggage storage, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Carriage House Hotel & Conference Centre 8.3 Excellent 9030 Macleod Trail South, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.5 km from current hotel Carriage House Inn Calgary is located in Calgary and features a Jacuzzi. The multiple facilities this contemporary hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Calgary South 6.7 Good 7012 Macleod Trail South, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.5 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Calgary South is located in Calgary and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 46 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 208 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.3Friends 7.7Families 8.6Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary All photos (51) Bedroom (21) Building (7) Room amenity (5) Gym (3) Where is Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Most Popular Landmarks Stampede Park10.8 km Scotiabank Saddledome10.8 km Stampede Corral Arena10.9 km Calgary Zoo11.0 km Fort Calgary11.3 km Fort Calgary Historic Park11.4 km Getting Around Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino0.3 km Calgary 205 9 Ave SE11.7 km Calgary Marlborough Way Ne11.8 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn11.8 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne12.2 km Calgary Greyhound Terminal13.4 km FAQs when booking at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary How close is Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? At 19.6 km away, Calgary Airport is the closest airport to Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary. The average expected drive time from Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary to Calgary Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary? For the most freedom while visiting Calgary, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Calgary. Is Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary? Yes, Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary from the Calgary city center? Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary is 8.1 km away from the center of Seton, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary by various forms of transportation. What is the Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 403 256 5352. Does Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary? Yes, Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary, Calgary? Prices at Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 143, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 85. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary have a laundry service? Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Service Plus Inn and Suites Calgary Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
