https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shangri_La_Paris.htm
Shangri-La Paris, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Shangri-La Paris Shangri-La Paris Hotel 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 298 reviews 9.0 C$ 1,847 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shangri-La Paris Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shangri-La Paris Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.0 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 25.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 53 67 19 98 All policies Amenities at Shangri-La Paris Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Kettle Toilet paper Sauna Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Show more Activities Aerobics Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Shangri-La Paris Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel 8.0 Excellent 88, Bis Avenue Kleber, Paris, France Show on map The Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is nestled among the most beautiful districts of Paris, close to the Champs Elysees, the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. This beautiful building was transformed into a luxury hotel in the 1920s and then took the name of its first and famous guest, Lord Baltimore. With its elegant, refined décor and cozy atmosphere, the Sofitel Baltimore Paris Tour Eiffel invites you to experience the French way of life. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Shangri-La Paris Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel 8.0 Excellent 88, Bis Avenue Kleber, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel offers easy access to Paris's popular tourist attractions. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 430 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Paris City Centre, this hotel is just a short stroll from Seine and Champs-Elysees. It showcases views of Paris and provides an indoor pool. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.5 Good 20 rue Jean Rey, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel This modern hotel is situated in Paris and is moments on foot from Champs-de-Mars-Tour-Eiffel Train Station. It is a short walk from Champ de Mars, Ile des Cygnes and Seine, plus provides views of Eiffel Tower. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Splendid Etoile Hotel 8.8 Excellent 1 Avenue Carnot, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Splendid Etoile Hotel sits in the centre of Paris City Centre, just a five-minute walk from the Arc De Triomphe and Place Charles de Gaulle. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Shangri-La Paris 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 298 verified guest reviews 8.5Friends 9.3Couples 8.6Solo 8.8Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Shangri-La Paris All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Living room (13) Lobby (8) Restaurant (5) Where is Shangri-La Paris Most Popular Landmarks Eiffel Tower0.6 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee0.9 km Arc De Triomphe1.1 km Champs-Elysées1.6 km Palais des Congres de Paris1.8 km Galeries Lafayette3.1 km Getting Around Paris Trocadéro0.5 km Paris Pont de l'Alma0.6 km Paris Tour Eiffel0.9 km Paris Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel1.0 km Paris Étoile - Champs-Élysées1.2 km Paris Place Charles de Gaulle/Friedland1.2 km FAQs when booking at Shangri-La Paris How close is Shangri-La Paris to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At just 25 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to Shangri-La Paris is 0h 19m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Shangri-La Paris? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Shangri-La Paris considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Shangri-La Paris during their stay. Is there a pool at Shangri-La Paris? Yes. Many people visiting Paris look for a hotel with a pool. Shangri-La Paris has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Shangri-La Paris from the Paris city center? Shangri-La Paris is 0.3 km away from the center of Trocadero, Paris. Consider visiting AccorHotels Arena, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Shangri-La Paris by various forms of transportation. What is the Shangri-La Paris phone number? For questions about Shangri-La Paris and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +33 1 53 67 19 98. Does Shangri-La Paris have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Shangri-La Paris has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Shangri-La Paris? Yes. You should consider staying at Shangri-La Paris if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Shangri-La Paris? The standard check-out time at Shangri-La Paris is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Shangri-La Paris, Paris? C$ 1,517 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Shangri-La Paris, with average deals around C$ 2,255 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Shangri-La Paris? There is a restaurant located in Shangri-La Paris. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does Shangri-La Paris have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Shangri-La Paris. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Shangri-La Paris from Champs-Elysées? Shangri-La Paris is about 1.6 km from Champs-Elysées, one of Paris’s most popular landmarks. Is Shangri-La Paris close to Louvre Museum? If you want to see Louvre Museum while visiting Paris, Shangri-La Paris is just 3.2 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Shangri-La Paris Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
