https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shangri_La_Bangkok.htm
Shangri-La Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Shangri-La Bangkok Shangri-La Bangkok Hotel 89 Soi Wat Suan Plu, New Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1,202 reviews 8.8 C$ 225 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shangri-La Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shangri-La Bangkok Showcasing views of Bangkok, Shangri-La Bangkok is a modern base with deluxe amenities, such as outdoor tennis courts, a limousine service and an infinity pool. It is a short drive from Patpong and of... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.7 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 25.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 236 7777 All policies Amenities at Shangri-La Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Secured parking Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Fitness classes Fitness centre Outdoor tennis Massage Yoga Services Business secretarial services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Video conferencing Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Shangri-La Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Shangri-La Bangkok Glur Bangkok 2.4 Mediocre Number 45, Soi Charoen Krung 50 Alley, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Glur Bangkok Hostel & Coffee Bar provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Bangkok. It also offers a 24-hour reception, luggage storage and a concierge. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Centre Point Silom 8.7 Excellent 1522/2 Soi Kaysorn 1 (Charoenkrung 50), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Chao Phraya River, Centre Point Silom is set in a popular area of Bangkok and offers a swimming pool. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 74 Avg. per night View Deals lebua at State Tower - SHA Plus 8.6 Excellent 1055 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Awarded the 2021 Top Hotel in Bangkok by Condé Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, the luxurious Lebua at State Tower- SHA Extra Plus is home to one of the highest rooftop bar in the world with stunning views of the city. This modern property is ideally located in Silom and is within walking distance of Saphan Taksin BTS Station. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Bangkok Silom Road 7.1 Good 320 Silom Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Showcasing impressive views of Bangkok, this modern hotel is an easy walk from Surasak BTS Station. It also provides a sauna, a free shuttle service and an outdoor pool. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Shangri-La Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,190 verified guest reviews 8.6Families 8.9Couples 8.9Solo 8.7Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date H 10.0 Excellent HEE*, Nov. 2017 Highly recommended!! Upon arriving at the hotel, friendly staff greeted us. While using Happy Hour in the lounge, my room was cleaned up perfectly. Especially Mr.Mint manager in the lounge, he was very friendly to my dad. And the another staff in the concierge (guessing Japanese women) she was also very kind. Thank you to all the staff for making good memories with my dad. I'll stay again next time. A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Apr. 2017 LOCATION OF THE ROOM Photos of Shangri-La Bangkok All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Living room (10) Bathroom (9) Lobby (7) Where is Shangri-La Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Central Plaza Ladprao11.8 km Rajamangala Stadium12.3 km Patpong Night Market2.1 km Silom Complex2.4 km MBK Center3.2 km Siam Square3.4 km Getting Around Bangkok Saphan Taksin Bts0.2 km Bangkok Charoen Krung Rd0.2 km Bangkok Lerdsin Hospital0.4 km Bangkok Iconsiam Shuttle Bus Stop0.7 km Bangkok Surasak Bts0.8 km Bangkok Krung Thon Buri Bts1.2 km FAQs when booking at Shangri-La Bangkok Is pricing at Shangri-La Bangkok comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? In Bangkok, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 203. The expected nightly rate for Shangri-La Bangkok is around C$ 259; a price that is 5% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Shangri-La Bangkok to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Bangkok. How close is Shangri-La Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and Shangri-La Bangkok is 23.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Shangri-La Bangkok? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Shangri-La Bangkok can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, Shangri-La Bangkok has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Shangri-La Bangkok? Yes, Shangri-La Bangkok has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Shangri-La Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Shangri-La Bangkok is 0.4 km away from the center of Bang Rak, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Shangri-La Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the Shangri-La Bangkok phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Shangri-La Bangkok please call +66 2 236 7777. Does Shangri-La Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Shangri-La Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Shangri-La Bangkok? Shangri-La Bangkok does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Shangri-La Bangkok? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Shangri-La Bangkok, Bangkok? C$ 113 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Shangri-La Bangkok, with average deals around C$ 259 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Shangri-La Bangkok? Yes - Shangri-La Bangkok does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Shangri-La Bangkok have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Shangri-La Bangkok. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Shangri-La Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
