https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shangri_La_Vancouver.htm
Shangri-La Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Shangri-La Vancouver Shangri-La Vancouver Hotel 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 109 reviews 8.9 C$ 384 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shangri-La Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shangri-La Vancouver Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 689 1120 All policies Amenities at Shangri-La Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Breakfast in the room Telephone CD player Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine Smartphone dock Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Eco tourism Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Shangri-La Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Fairmont Pacific Rim is the height of luxury in Vancouver. This five-star hotel offers sweeping vistas of the North Shore Mountains, all from the vibrant downtown district of Coal Harbour near the famous Vancouver Lookout. Just a stone's throw from global C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Shangri-La Vancouver Spacious 1 Bedroom Apartment In Downtown Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Waterfront Station, Spacious 1 Bedroom Apartment In Downtown provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Vancouver. It is moments from Vancouver Art Gallery, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 655 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hyatt Regency Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a few minutes on foot from Waterfront Station. This unique hotel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Horizon Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1225 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Commanding views of Stanley Park, Blue Horizon Hotel Vancouver is steps from Vancouver's well-known attractions. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Hotel Vancouver 8.3 Excellent 900 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Shangri-La Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 109 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 9.1Friends 9.2Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Shangri-La Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Living room (10) Other (7) Restaurant (6) Where is Shangri-La Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.5 km Waterfront Centre0.8 km BC Place Stadium1.3 km Rogers Arena1.4 km Granville Island Public Market1.7 km False Creek1.8 km Getting Around Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.3 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.3 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.8 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.8 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.8 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.9 km FAQs when booking at Shangri-La Vancouver How close is Shangri-La Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 0.8 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to Shangri-La Vancouver. The average expected drive time from Shangri-La Vancouver to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Shangri-La Vancouver? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Shangri-La Vancouver? Yes, Shangri-La Vancouver has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Shangri-La Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? Shangri-La Vancouver is 0.3 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. Consider visiting BC Place Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Shangri-La Vancouver by various forms of transportation. What is the Shangri-La Vancouver phone number? The best way to contact Shangri-La Vancouver is by calling +1 604 689 1120. Does Shangri-La Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Shangri-La Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Shangri-La Vancouver? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Shangri-La Vancouver. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Shangri-La Vancouver? Shangri-La Vancouver check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Shangri-La Vancouver, Vancouver? Prices at Shangri-La Vancouver will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 449, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 312. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Shangri-La Vancouver? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Shangri-La Vancouver for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Shangri-La Vancouver have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Shangri-La Vancouver. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Shangri-La Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? Shangri-La Vancouver is a walkable distance (2 km) from TELUS World of Science, Vancouver. Is Shangri-La Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? 1.4 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Shangri-La Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Shangri-La Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
