https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Sharjah-vacation-rentals.htm
Sharjah, the United Arab Emirates Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Sharjah, the United Arab Emirates Search and compare Sharjah, the United Arab Emirates vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Sharjah, United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Sharjah Hotels 221 Sharjah Hotels 205 Sharjah Vacation Rentals 72 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Sharjah Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: December Average price in Sharjah: C$ 93/night Cheapest price found: C$ 24/night Cheapest day: Tuesday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 35 - C$ 344 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 47 - C$ 134 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Sharjah, the United Arab Emirates Show all 205 hotels Al Reem Hotel Apartments 6.1 Good 6, Al Qulalyaa Area, Al Sharq Street, Sharjah, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates This comfortable property in Sharjah offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Luxury 1 BR Beach Apartment with Full Sea View Ajman, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Ajman, United Arab Emirates Luxury 1 BR Beach Apartment with Full Sea View is situated in Ajman and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also offers a bowling alley, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals OYO 150 Al Usra Furnished Apartments Ajman, United Arab Emirates Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Ajman, United Arab Emirates Al Usra Furnished Apartments provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Ajman. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 324 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Sharjah 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Al Reem Hotel Apartments 6, Al Qulalyaa Area, Al Sharq Street, Sharjah, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates 6.1 C$ 108 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Sharjah Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Jurayrah Ajman Hatta Al Ain Garhoud Ruwais Fujairah Show more Vacation rentals in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras Al Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Al Ain Hotels in popular Sharjah neighbourhoods Al Khan, Sharjah vacation rentals Al Qasimia, Sharjah vacation rentals Abu Shagara, Sharjah vacation rentals Industrial Area, Sharjah vacation rentals Al Sharq, Sharjah vacation rentals Mughaidir Suburb, Sharjah vacation rentals Facts about staying in Sharjah How much does a vacation rental in Sharjah cost? Sharjah vacation rentals are C$ 94/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, August is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Sharjah, and November is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 24/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 59/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Dubai Intl Airport? It’s only 13.3 km from Dubai Intl Airport to Al Reem Hotel Apartments (the nearest Sharjah vacation rental to the airport). What part of Sharjah is best to stay in? Al Sharq is the best part of Sharjah to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Sharjah vacation rentals, 98% of them looked for stays in the Al Sharq neighbourhood in the last year. The Al Reem Hotel Apartments happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Al Sharq neighbourhood of Sharjah. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Sharjah? Yes, there are 26 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Sharjah. According to our data, Tulip Inn Sharjah is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Sharjah Hotels 221 Sharjah Hotels 205 Sharjah Vacation Rentals 72 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
