https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shaws_Hotel_Cottages.htm
Shaw's Hotel & Cottages, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Hotel 99 Apple Tree Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada C$ 293 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Set within the picturesque countryside of Brackley Beach, Shaw's Hotel & Cottages offers charming accommodation and a wide range of facilities, such as meeting rooms, a playground and a vending machin... More Good to Know To Downtown 21.2 km Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 16.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 672 2022 All policies Amenities at Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Refrigerator Microwave Activities Playground Services Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Baywatch Lighthouse and Cottages 10.0 Excellent Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Baywatch Lighthouse Cottages & Studios is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, a short drive from Charlottetown and North Rustico. The various facilities this unique property offers include a designated smoking area, a terrace and a BBQ/picnic area. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Northside B&B 4368 Portage Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 4.4 km from current hotel Situated in Brackley Beach, Northside B&B is an easy drive from Rustico and provides a garden. C$ 574 Avg. per night View Deals Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown 6.9 Good 281 Brackley Point Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 16.3 km from current hotel Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown is situated in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides babysitting/child services, a sauna and meeting rooms. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Royalty Maples Cottages and Motel 7.9 Good 89 Malpeque Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 17.2 km from current hotel Royalty Maples Cottages and Motel is situated in Charlottetown and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, babysitting/child services and a playground. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Shaw's Hotel & Cottages All photos (44) Bedroom (24) Outdoors view (6) Building (5) Living room (3) Where is Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation21.7 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum22.2 km Prince Edward Island National Park9.1 km FAQs when booking at Shaw's Hotel & Cottages How close is Shaw's Hotel & Cottages to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? At 16.1 km away, Charlottetown Airport is the closest airport to Shaw's Hotel & Cottages. The average expected drive time from Shaw's Hotel & Cottages to Charlottetown Airport is 0h 12m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Shaw's Hotel & Cottages? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Shaw's Hotel & Cottages guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Charlottetown. How close is Shaw's Hotel & Cottages from the Charlottetown city center? Shaw's Hotel & Cottages is 21.2 km away from Charlottetown. Consider visiting Confederation Centre of the Arts, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Shaw's Hotel & Cottages by various forms of transportation. What is the Shaw's Hotel & Cottages phone number? For questions about Shaw's Hotel & Cottages and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 902 672 2022. What is the check-out time at Shaw's Hotel & Cottages? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Shaw's Hotel & Cottages Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
