https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Gateway_Los_Angeles.htm
Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Hotel 6101 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 3,352 reviews 7.6 C$ 174 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Situated in Los Angeles, Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles offers modern accommodation and provides pool views. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. This... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.8 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 1.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 642 1111 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Snack bar Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX 7.5 Good 5985 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Sonesta Los Angeles Airport provides 4-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It also features an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard By Marriott Los Angeles Lax / Century Boulevard 7.9 Good 6161 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Courtyard by Marriott Los Angeles LAX / Century Boulevard is located in Los Angeles and offers free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It also provides meeting rooms, an outdoor pool and valet parking. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Los Angeles Lax/Century Boulevard 8.2 Excellent 5933 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Residence Inn by Marriott Los Angeles LAX/Century Boulevard provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Los Angeles Int'l Airport North 7.6 Good 9801 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport/North offers convenient and comfortable accommodation. Popular facilities, such as an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Los Angeles. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 3,352 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo 7.3Families 7.6Couples 7.7Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date A 9.4 Excellent Adel, Oct. 2019 proximity to airport is a blessing for travellers 5 min by hotel shuttle (quite frequent every 15 min) A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Jul. 2018 I had a great experience no issues! S 9.3 Excellent Silvana, Jul. 2018 It served the purpose of a long layover at LAX Airport. Downside was I had to pay additional $30 to check in early even though I checked out the same day. B 9.5 Excellent Brenda, Feb. 2018 lovely airport Hotel with nice rooms. Light sleeper but slept well with ear plugs. Club lounge not as good as some other Sheraton hotels but adequate enough with small breakfast and evening pre dinner snacks and non alcoholic drinks, plus coffee and non alcoholic drinks including coffee throughout the day. A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Apr. 2017 good Photos of Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel All photos (39) Bar (5) Restaurant (5) Banquet hall (4) Bedroom (3) Where is Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center12.4 km Westfield Century City13.0 km Santa Monica State Beach13.1 km STAPLES Center15.7 km L.A. Live15.9 km Hollywood Walk of Fame17.9 km Getting Around Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel0.1 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn1.8 km Los Angeles Harbor Freeway10.2 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd13.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California13.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)13.2 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Is pricing at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel will generally be 63% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 209/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 1.7 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Los Angeles look for a hotel with a pool. Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel from the Los Angeles city center? Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel is 1.8 km away from the center of Westchester, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel please call +1 310 642 1111. Does Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel, Los Angeles? C$ 138 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel, with average deals around C$ 209 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel? Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
