https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Orlando_Lake_Buena_Vista_Resort.htm
Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,047 Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Resort 12205 South Apopka Vineland Road, Orlando, FL, United States GoodBased on 2,729 reviews 7.2 C$ 156 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is situated in Orlando and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Walt Disney World Resort. The various amenities this unique resort has to offer i... More Good to Know To Downtown 20.9 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Orlando All airports Distance to airport 24.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 239 0444 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Outdoor furniture Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Water slide Show more Activities Bicycle rental Game room Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Playground Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,779 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 904 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 574 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Hyatt Place Orlando Lake Buena Vista 8.2 Excellent 8688 Palm Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Hyatt Place Orlando Lake Buena Vista is located in Orlando and is close to Walt Disney World Resort. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 180 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Orlando Lake Buena Vista 8.0 Excellent 12490 South Apopka Vineland Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna, Delta Orlando Hotel by Marriott - Lake Buena Vista is located in Orlando and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides a bowling alley, water slides and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Tree Resort at Lake Buena Vista 8.4 Excellent 12007 Cypress Run Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, Blue Tree Resort at Lake Buena Vista is an easy drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It also provides a Jacuzzi, indoor tennis courts and a free shuttle service. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Lake Buena Vista at Vista Centre 7.9 Good 8501 Palm Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Courtyard Orlando Lake Buena Vista at Vista Centre is situated in Orlando and offers themed accommodation. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 144 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 152 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,779 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 2,729 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.2Families 7.5Solo 7.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort All photos (48) Pool (10) Bedroom (5) Living room (5) Conference room (4) Where is Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Most Popular Landmarks Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets1.3 km Universal's Islands of Adventure10.1 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter10.1 km Gatorland10.5 km Universal Orlando Resort10.8 km The Florida Mall12.7 km Getting Around Orlando International Drive Orlando10.9 km Orlando Holiday Inn11.0 km Orlando Double Tree Hilton11.3 km Orlando 2417 W Oakridge Rd13.4 km Orlando Sand Lake Road15.6 km Orlando Jet Set Terminal15.8 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Is pricing at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort comparable to 4 star hotels in Orlando? The average rate for a night at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is 51% less than the Orlando average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is typically C$ 209, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Orlando. How close is Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With no traffic, the 20 km drive between Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort and Orlando Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 15m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort? Getting from Orlando Airport to Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Orlando. Luckily, Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Orlando Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort? Yes, Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort from the Orlando city center? Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is 10 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Universal Orlando Resort, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort phone number? For questions about Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 407 239 0444. Does Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort? The standard check-out time at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort, Orlando? Usually Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort room prices are around C$ 209/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 97/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort? Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort, Orlando. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Florida Hotels 208,683 Orlando Hotels 6,047 Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
