https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Tribeca_New_York_Hotel.htm
Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Hotel 370 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 2,524 reviews 7.7 C$ 171 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. It features air-conditioned rooms with iPod docking stations, flat-screen TVs and complimen... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 7.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 966 3400 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Children's high chair City view Trash cans Coffee machine Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Golf Cycling Aerobics Cooking classes Fitness centre Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Canal Loft Hotel 6.9 Good 94 Canal Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy Nyc Downtown 8.4 Excellent 26 Ann Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in New York City. It is close to New York City Hall, shops and nightlife options. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Moon Boutique Hotel 100 Orchard Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in New York City. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 335 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Square Hotel 8.3 Excellent 103 Waverly Place, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Washington Square Hotel offers easy access to New York City's popular tourist attractions. It also provides free Wi-Fi to all guests during their stay. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 2,527 verified guest reviews 7.6Friends 7.5Solo 7.5Families 7.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2019 it is just ok as the price paid is too high for a 3 star hotel Photos of Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel All photos (41) Bathroom (7) Bedroom (6) Balcony (5) Restaurant (4) Where is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Most Popular Landmarks One World Trade Center1.2 km Wall Street1.6 km Webster Hall1.7 km Yankee Stadium13.7 km Citi Field13.9 km Battery Park2.2 km Getting Around New York 6th Ave btwn Grand and Watts0.3 km New York Broadway & Reade St0.7 km New York 47 Chrystie St0.9 km New York 28th & Madison0.9 km New York 103 Canal St1.0 km New York 95 Canal St1.1 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Is pricing at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 461. The expected nightly rate for Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel is around C$ 344; a price that is 45% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in New York. How close is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel is 21 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel. How close is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel from the New York city center? The center of Tribeca, New York, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rockefeller Center, which you can get to from Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel is by calling +1 212 966 3400. Does Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel, New York? C$ 115 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel, with average deals around C$ 344 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel? Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel from Madison Square Garden? Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel is a walkable distance (3.4 km) from Madison Square Garden, New York. Is Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel close to Empire State Building? 3.4 km - making Empire State Building a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
