https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_on_the_Falls.htm
Sheraton on the Falls Hotel, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Hotel 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 4,080 reviews 7.5 C$ 147 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Directly connected to a 3 acre indoor water park that features a giant wave pool, Sheraton on the Falls will keep all family members entertained while in Niagara Falls City. It is a short stroll from ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 32.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 374 4445 All policies Amenities at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Child pool Indoor pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Elevator Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Solarium Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Swimming pool toys Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Water slide Show more Activities Bicycle rental Casino Game room Golf Cycling Fitness centre Horse riding Mini-golf Pay-per-view channels Water park Water sport facilities (on site) Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Top Niagara Falls hotels Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa 7.9 Good 6740 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map At Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel, it's not only about where you are staying, it's about where you are going. Experience the excitement and beauty of Canada's iconic Niagara Falls at our 4-diamond, 5-star luxury hotel. Our incredible position overlooking the falls offers a stunning view from our newly renovated hotel rooms and suites, dining venues and meeting rooms. Enjoy award-winning hospitality at our selection of restaurants; from our Fallsview Restaurant-Morton's Grille to Starbucks® or our lobby lounge. To recharge, add a pampering treatment at the new Burning Springs Spa & Thermal Pools. If a business or social event brings you to Niagara Falls, our hotel's 6,000 square feet of contemporary function space will exceed expectations. When you head out to explore, our location in the Fallsview Tourist Area just 100 yards from Niagara Falls, means you are within minutes of attractions and entertainment that includes Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Falls and more. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls 7.6 Good 4943 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and is a short stroll from Casino Niagara and Niagara Falls. It is steps from Niagara River and is close to the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Niagara Falls-Fallsview 6.1 Good 5685 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting views of Casino Niagara, Niagara Falls and Horseshoe Falls, Crowne Plaza Hotel-Niagara Falls/Falls View is steps from Niagara Falls City's attractions and landmarks. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a heated pool. C$ 109 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls 7.0 Good 4945 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This charming motel is situated close to Niagara Falls in Niagara Falls City. It is steps from Niagara River and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals The Falls Hotel & Inn 6.8 Good 5657 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, The Falls Hotel & Inn is a short walk from Niagara Falls and features an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 4,079 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 7.5Couples 7.2Solo 7.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date M 8.4 Great mohamed, Jul. 2019 nice location and near to every things you need. Photos of Sheraton on the Falls Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (16) Other (7) Conference room (6) Restaurant (6) Where is Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.2 km Casino Niagara0.2 km Niagara SkyWheel0.2 km Rainbow Tower0.2 km Rainbow Bridge0.3 km Bird Kingdom0.4 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.3 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.3 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.5 km Niagara Falls2.1 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW4.4 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Is pricing at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Hotels in Niagara Falls that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 143/night, but on average, Sheraton on the Falls Hotel is available for 25% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel for C$ 144/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Niagara Falls often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Sheraton on the Falls Hotel from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Sheraton on the Falls Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Niagara Falls Tower, which you can get to from Sheraton on the Falls Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Sheraton on the Falls Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel please call +1 905 374 4445. Does Sheraton on the Falls Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton on the Falls Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel, Niagara Falls? C$ 107 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel, with average deals around C$ 144 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Sheraton on the Falls Hotel for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Sheraton on the Falls Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Sheraton on the Falls Hotel that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Sheraton on the Falls Hotel from Skylon Tower? Sheraton on the Falls Hotel is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 0.8 km away. Is Sheraton on the Falls Hotel close to Marineland? Marineland is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 2.8 km from Sheraton on the Falls Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Sheraton on the Falls Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
