https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Ottawa_Hotel.htm
Sheraton Ottawa Hotel, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Hotel 150 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 680 reviews 8.1 C$ 201 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel provides easy access to Ottawa's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. Guests have access to an indoor pool and a sauna. Sheraton Ho... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 238 1500 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Horse riding Tennis Pay-per-view channels Squash Hiking Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Arc The Hotel 7.1 Good 140 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Mackenzie King Station, Arc The Hotel has an accessible setting, making it an ideal place to stay while in Ottawa. This cosy hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Alt Hotel Ottawa 8.4 Excellent 185 Slater Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Ottawa. It has a fitness centre, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a swimming pool. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals The Metcalfe Hotel 8.6 Excellent 123 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short walk from Mackenzie King Station, The Metcalfe Hotel is an ideal base when in Ottawa. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals A Voyageur's Guest House 6.1 Good 95 Arlington Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada A Voyageur's Guest House by Elevate Rooms is situated in the heart of in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Ottawa Central Station. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Ottawa Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 680 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.8Solo 8.2Families 8.1Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sheraton Ottawa Hotel All photos (35) Conference room (6) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Bank Street Promenade0.3 km Confederation Park0.5 km Rideau Centre0.7 km Ottawa Art Gallery0.8 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.2 km Canadian War Museum1.5 km Getting Around Ottawa Slater / Bank0.1 km Ottawa Slater / Metcalfe0.2 km Ottawa Kent / Queen0.4 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon0.5 km Ottawa Rideau Centre0.7 km Ottawa 1 George St0.7 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Is pricing at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Ottawa? There is a 27% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Ottawa and the average nightly rate at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel. The rate at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel is just C$ 210/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Ottawa. How close is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Sheraton Ottawa Hotel is 11.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 08m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Sheraton Ottawa Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel. Is there a pool at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel? Yes, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel from the Ottawa city center? The center of Centretown, Ottawa, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Sheraton Ottawa Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Canadian Tire Centre, which you can get to from Sheraton Ottawa Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Sheraton Ottawa Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 613 238 1500 to talk to a Sheraton Ottawa Hotel front desk representative. Does Sheraton Ottawa Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Ottawa Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel? Sheraton Ottawa Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel? Sheraton Ottawa Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel, Ottawa? Sheraton Ottawa Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 210/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 154/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel? Yes - Sheraton Ottawa Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Sheraton Ottawa Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sheraton Ottawa Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel from Canadian War Museum? The popular Canadian War Museum is just over 1.5 km from Sheraton Ottawa Hotel. Is Sheraton Ottawa Hotel close to Laurier House? The distance from Sheraton Ottawa Hotel to Laurier House is 1.7 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
