https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Vancouver_Wall_Centre.htm
Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel 1000 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,043 reviews 8.3 C$ 226 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is a convenient base for exploring local vi... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 331 1000 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre The Burrard 8.2 Excellent 1100 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Century Plaza Hotel & Spa 8.1 Excellent 1015 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty salon, Century Plaza Hotel & Spa is situated in Vancouver and boasts 4-star accommodation. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Contemporary Art Gallery, the Orpheum and Vancouver Art Gallery. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good 1110 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as an indoor pool, body treatments and a sauna. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown 8.7 Excellent 1234 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as a heated pool, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,043 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.5Couples 8.3Solo 8.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre All photos (48) Bedroom (15) Outdoors view (8) Bathroom (3) Living room (3) Where is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.7 km BC Place Stadium1.1 km Granville Island Public Market1.1 km False Creek1.1 km Waterfront Centre1.3 km Rogers Arena1.4 km Getting Around Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.2 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.4 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.8 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel1.0 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St1.3 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Is pricing at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? There is a 29% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Vancouver and the average nightly rate at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre. The rate at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre is just C$ 241/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Vancouver. How close is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? With no traffic, the 1.4 km drive between Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre and Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. Is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre. Is there a pool at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre? Yes. Many people visiting Vancouver look for a hotel with a pool. Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre from the Vancouver city center? Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre is just 0.6 km away from the center of Yaletown, Vancouver. From Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre phone number? For questions about Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 604 331 1000. Does Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre, Vancouver? C$ 156 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre, with average deals around C$ 241 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre from TELUS World of Science? TELUS World of Science in Vancouver is 1.8 km away from Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre. Is Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre close to Rogers Arena? Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Rogers Arena, which is 1.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,234 Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
