https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sheraton_Boston_Hotel.htm
Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 Sheraton Boston Hotel Sheraton Boston Hotel Hotel 39 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,275 reviews 8.0 C$ 221 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sheraton Boston Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Sheraton Boston Hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station, Sheraton Boston Hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Boston. Guests also have exclusive access to the Green Tan... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 236 2000 All policies Amenities at Sheraton Boston Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Lockers Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet River view Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Canoeing Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Bowling Water sport facilities (on site) Massage Services A/V equipment rental Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sheraton Boston Hotel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 990 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 857 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 465 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 405 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Sheraton Boston Hotel Hilton Boston Back Bay 8.0 Excellent 40 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, Hilton Boston Back Bay offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Newbury Street. It also features a rooftop terrace, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals The Midtown Hotel 220 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Opened in 1962, Midtown Hotel Boston is located in Boston and offers a hair salon, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Guest House 8.7 Excellent 22 Edgerly Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Oasis Guest House Boston is located in Boston and provides free Wi-Fi. The various facilities this charming bed & breakfast has to offer include a safe, a concierge and luggage storage. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals The Inn at St Botolph 8.9 Excellent 99 Saint Botolph Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Worcester Square Bus Station, Inn at St Botolph offers guests an ideal base when in Boston. The various amenities this historic inn has to offer include massage services, bicycle rental and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 282 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 405 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 355 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sheraton Boston Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,275 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 7.6Solo 7.9Families 7.6Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2019 support and service is amazing A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, Feb. 2018 loved it./..location is great ......people are helpful were a lot of teen conventions J 9.3 Excellent Joanne , Feb. 2017 The bed was soooo comfortable ! view was amazing ! A 8.7 Great Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Fabulous stay, thank you to all involved! I hope to be back. Photos of Sheraton Boston Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Conference room (13) Living room (4) Bathroom (3) Where is Sheraton Boston Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Prudential Center0.2 km Copley Place0.5 km Fenway Park1.1 km Museum of Fine Arts1.1 km Boston Common1.8 km Agganis Arena2.8 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street0.1 km Boston Back Bay0.7 km Boston Park Plaza1.5 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.8 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave2.0 km Boston State House2.2 km FAQs when booking at Sheraton Boston Hotel How close is Sheraton Boston Hotel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? With a distance of 6.6 km between Sheraton Boston Hotel and the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 05m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Sheraton Boston Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Sheraton Boston Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Boston. Is Sheraton Boston Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Sheraton Boston Hotel. Is there a pool at Sheraton Boston Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Boston look for a hotel with a pool. Sheraton Boston Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Sheraton Boston Hotel from the Boston city center? The center of Back Bay, Boston, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of Sheraton Boston Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Museum of Fine Arts, which you can get to from Sheraton Boston Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Sheraton Boston Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Sheraton Boston Hotel please call +1 617 236 2000. Does Sheraton Boston Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sheraton Boston Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sheraton Boston Hotel? Yes. You should consider staying at Sheraton Boston Hotel if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Sheraton Boston Hotel? Sheraton Boston Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston? Prices at Sheraton Boston Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 262, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 160. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Sheraton Boston Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Sheraton Boston Hotel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Sheraton Boston Hotel that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Sheraton Boston Hotel from Museum of Science? Sheraton Boston Hotel is about 2.6 km from Museum of Science, one of Boston’s most popular landmarks. Is Sheraton Boston Hotel close to New England Aquarium? 3.2 km - making New England Aquarium a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Sheraton Boston Hotel. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 Sheraton Boston Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
