https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shinjuku_Prince_Hotel.htm
Shinjuku Prince Hotel, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Shinjuku Prince Hotel Shinjuku Prince Hotel Hotel 1-30-1 Kabuki-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Shinjuku, Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 3,718 reviews 8.0 C$ 145 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shinjuku Prince Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shinjuku Prince Hotel Shinjuku Prince Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Central Tokyo. It is close to Kabukicho, dining options and shops. The hotel has extensive city views, plus massage services, an express... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.4 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 62.4 km Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 332 051 111 All policies Amenities at Shinjuku Prince Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Pants press Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Shinjuku Prince Hotel Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Shinjuku Prince Hotel Hotel Gracery Shinjuku 8.5 Excellent 1-19-1 Kabukicho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, Hotel Gracery Shinjuku offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Kabukicho. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Apa Hotel Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower 7.7 Good 1-20-2 Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel APA Hotel Shinjuku-Kabukicho Tower is located in Central Tokyo, a five-minute walk to Kabukicho. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Shinjuku Train Station. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Nishi Shinjuku 7-14-14, Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute walk from Shinjuku Train Station, Hotel Mystays Nishi Shinjuku provides guests with a convenient base when in Tokyo. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Premier Hotel Cabin Shinjuku 7.8 Good 2-40-3 Kabuki-Cho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Shinjuku Train Station, Premier Hotel-Cabin-Shinjuku offers guests an ideal base when visiting Tokyo. It is close to Kabukicho, eateries and shops. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Shinjuku Prince Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 3,718 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 7.9Couples 7.6Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date L 6.5 Okay Lewis Lam, Apr. 2017 Room size too small. Many dust, cleaning no good enough. Photos of Shinjuku Prince Hotel All photos (48) Bedroom (11) Restaurant (11) Building (5) Outdoors view (4) Where is Shinjuku Prince Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden1.4 km Yoyogi Koen2.6 km Roppongi Hills4.3 km Tokyo Dome4.8 km Ginza Mitsukoshi6.4 km Akihabara Electric Town6.6 km Getting Around Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal0.7 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal4.2 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube5.8 km Tokyo6.1 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit6.2 km Tokyo6.4 km FAQs when booking at Shinjuku Prince Hotel Is pricing at Shinjuku Prince Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? Hotels in Tokyo that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 288/night, but on average, Shinjuku Prince Hotel is available for 49% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Shinjuku Prince Hotel for C$ 199/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Tokyo. How close is Shinjuku Prince Hotel to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, and Shinjuku Prince Hotel is 17.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 13m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Shinjuku Prince Hotel? Getting from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Shinjuku Prince Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 95/day in Tokyo. Luckily, Shinjuku Prince Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Shinjuku Prince Hotel from the Tokyo city center? The center of Kabukicho, Tokyo, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Shinjuku Prince Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Tokyo Dome, which you can get to from Shinjuku Prince Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Shinjuku Prince Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +81 332 051 111. Does Shinjuku Prince Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Shinjuku Prince Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Shinjuku Prince Hotel? Shinjuku Prince Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Shinjuku Prince Hotel, Tokyo? C$ 101 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Shinjuku Prince Hotel, with average deals around C$ 199 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Shinjuku Prince Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Shinjuku Prince Hotel, Tokyo. The hotel also has a bar. Does Shinjuku Prince Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Shinjuku Prince Hotel, Tokyo. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Shinjuku Prince Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
