https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Shipwright_Inn.htm
Shipwright Inn, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Shipwright Inn Shipwright Inn Bed & Breakfast 51 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 2 reviews 10.0 C$ 119 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Shipwright Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Shipwright Inn Shipwright Inn provides Victorian 5-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. The bed & breakfas... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 5.7 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 368 1905 All policies Amenities at Shipwright Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Non-smoking rooms available Express check-out Terrace/Patio Parking Hairdryer Fan Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Minibar Refrigerator Free toiletries Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Desk Microwave Garden Storage available Show more Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Shipwright Inn Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to Shipwright Inn Fitzroy Hall 8.8 Excellent 45 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Fitzroy Hall offers 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals Dundee Arms Inn 8.4 Excellent 200 Pownal Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Dundee Arms Inn is set in Charlottetown and is close to local attractions, including St. Dunstan's Basilica, Government House and Province House. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Rodd Charlottetown offers elegant accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Colonial Charm Inn Bed & Breakfast 9.2 Excellent 9 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Charlottetown, Colonial Charm Inn is within a 15-minute drive of Charlottetown Airport and provides a Jacuzzi. It also offers luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Shipwright Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 2 verified guest reviews Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Shipwright Inn All photos (27) Bedroom (8) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Shipwright Inn Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.4 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.7 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.5 km FAQs when booking at Shipwright Inn How close is Shipwright Inn to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Charlottetown Airport, and Shipwright Inn is 5.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to Shipwright Inn? Shipwright Inn has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Charlottetown, renting a car for around C$ 59/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Charlottetown Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Shipwright Inn from the Charlottetown city center? Shipwright Inn is just 0.4 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from Shipwright Inn, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Shipwright Inn phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Shipwright Inn please call +1 902 368 1905. Does Shipwright Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Shipwright Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Shipwright Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Shipwright Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. Does Shipwright Inn have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Shipwright Inn. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Shipwright Inn from Confederation Centre of the Arts? Shipwright Inn is a walkable distance (0.3 km) from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Charlottetown. Is Shipwright Inn close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation is also a popular place to see in Charlottetown. It is 0.4 km from Shipwright Inn. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 Shipwright Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
