https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/SKYVIEW_Hotel_Bangkok.htm
Skyview Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Skyview Hotel Bangkok Skyview Hotel Bangkok Hotel 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 2,857 reviews 8.6 C$ 135 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Skyview Hotel Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Skyview Hotel Bangkok Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.2 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 011 1111 All policies Amenities at Skyview Hotel Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Skyview Hotel Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Skyview Hotel Bangkok Bangkok Marriott Marquis Queens Park 8.6 Excellent 199 Sukhumvit Soi 22, Klong Ton, Klong Toey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute walk from Asok BTS Skytrain Station, Bangkok Marriott Marquis Queen's Park offers guests a convenient base while in Bangkok. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a kids club. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 8.7 Excellent 19/9 Sukhumvit 20 Klong Toey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 is within a 30-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers an infinity pool. It provides a gym, as well as a ballroom, free Wi-Fi and a kids club. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Rembrandt Hotel & Suites 8.2 Excellent 19 Sukhumvit Soi 18, Klong Toei, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Asok BTS Skytrain Station, Rembrandt Hotel & Suites has an accessible setting, making it an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. It also provides a swimming pool, a sauna and a butler service. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Phachara Suites Sukhumvit 8.5 Excellent 22 Sukhumvit Soi 6, Klongtoey, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Phachara Suites Bangkok offers contemporary accommodation in Bangkok and is a short walk from BTS Nana Station. Guests also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Hansar Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 3 Soi Mahadlekluang 2, Rajdamri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hansar Bangkok provides 5-star accommodation in Bangkok. Offering complimentary Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Erawan Shrine. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Skyview Hotel Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 2,858 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.5Families 8.7Couples 8.7Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date K 10.0 Excellent Kok Kit, Jun. 2019 a couple of min walk to Phrom Phong BTS station, and next to a mall. This hotel offers very good food too. I ordered room service for breakfast as well as the Japanese Omakase - both did not disappoint. Would stay here again J 10.0 Excellent Jen*, Aug. 2018 very comfortable room nice pool kind staffs good location A 9.5 Excellent Anonymous, May 2018 it was really a great experience to stay at this hotel. 황 9.7 Excellent 황경조, Jan. 2018 1. Location: Great! (less than 100 meters from station Phrom Phong) 2. Breakfast: BEST breakfast I've ever had 3. Bar: Nice view with friendly staffs, but I didn't like the flavor of the raw eggwhite in the Vanilla Sky(sort of martini) 4. Swimming pool, gym, room, cleanness, staffs and other services: Absolute perfection Summary: I think Compass Skyview is the best hotel in Bangkok with affordable price, nice location, and superior services. A 6.2 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2017 room sound proof wasnt great, could hear next door bang on their door. Waited long time to check in Photos of Skyview Hotel Bangkok All photos (27) Bedroom (4) Pool (4) Gym (3) Lounge (3) Where is Skyview Hotel Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 211.4 km Gateway Ekamai Mall2.1 km Silom Complex3.7 km Central World Plaza3.7 km Centralworld3.8 km Patpong Night Market4.0 km Getting Around Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts (exit 4)0.1 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts0.2 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 28 20.3 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 240.8 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 21.0 km Bangkok Queen Sirikit Convention Center1.2 km FAQs when booking at Skyview Hotel Bangkok Is pricing at Skyview Hotel Bangkok comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? Skyview Hotel Bangkok is generally less than the average price of 5 stars hotels in Bangkok. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 203 per night in Bangkok. Skyview Hotel Bangkok will run you C$ 167 per night, which is 39% cheaper than the Bangkok average. How close is Skyview Hotel Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 20.9 km between Skyview Hotel Bangkok and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 16m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Skyview Hotel Bangkok? For the most freedom while visiting Bangkok, consider renting a car for about C$ 52/day and parking it at Skyview Hotel Bangkok where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Skyview Hotel Bangkok? Yes, Skyview Hotel Bangkok has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Skyview Hotel Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? Skyview Hotel Bangkok is 1.1 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Skyview Hotel Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the Skyview Hotel Bangkok phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Skyview Hotel Bangkok please call +66 2 011 1111. Does Skyview Hotel Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Skyview Hotel Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Skyview Hotel Bangkok? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Skyview Hotel Bangkok. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Skyview Hotel Bangkok? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Skyview Hotel Bangkok, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Skyview Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok? Prices at Skyview Hotel Bangkok will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 167, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 106. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Skyview Hotel Bangkok? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Skyview Hotel Bangkok for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Skyview Hotel Bangkok have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Skyview Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 Skyview Hotel Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
