https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Smart_Hyde_Park_View_Hostel.htm
Smart Hyde Park View Hostel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Hostel 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 2,114 reviews 7.1 C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. Smart Hyde Park View ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport London City Distance to airport 16.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 262 8684 All policies Amenities at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs ATM on-site Reading light Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Privacy curtain Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Washing machine Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Lancaster Gate Hotel 7.9 Good 66-71 Lancaster Gate, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ideally situated in London, Lancaster Gate Hotel offers modern accommodation within a short drive of Oxford Street. The numerous facilities this charming hotel features include a coffee bar, 24-hour room service and meeting rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Troy Hotel 7.6 Good 68-70 Queensborough Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Troy Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Westminster. The numerous facilities this elegant hotel offers include an express check-in and check-out feature, an executive floor and a 24-hour reception. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals Central Park Hotel 6.6 Good 49/67 Queensborough Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This contemporary London hotel is situated within a 10-minute walk of Lancaster Gate Tube Station. It also offers laundry facilities, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Royale London Hyde Park 6.8 Good 1-9 Inverness Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in London, Grand Royale London Hyde Park offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Queensway. It provides free Wi-Fi, a coffee bar and 24-hour room service. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 2,114 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 6.9Solo 7.5Couples 7.3Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Smart Hyde Park View Hostel All photos (37) Bedroom (23) Bathroom (4) Hotel amenity (2) Balcony (1) Where is Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Kensington Gardens0.6 km Hyde Park0.9 km Harrods1.9 km Oxford Circus2.9 km Buckingham Palace3.1 km Piccadilly Circus3.4 km Getting Around London Palace Court0.6 km London Paddington0.7 km London Palace Gardens Terrace0.7 km London Royal Albert Hall1.2 km London Hyde Park1.5 km London Marble Arch1.7 km FAQs when booking at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Is pricing at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in London? The average rate for a night at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel is 70% less than the London average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel is typically C$ 100, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in London. How close is Smart Hyde Park View Hostel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 19.4 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to Smart Hyde Park View Hostel. The average expected drive time from Smart Hyde Park View Hostel to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Smart Hyde Park View Hostel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from London Heathrow Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Smart Hyde Park View Hostel from the London city center? Smart Hyde Park View Hostel is just 0.3 km away from the center of Bayswater, London. From Smart Hyde Park View Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Smart Hyde Park View Hostel phone number? The best way to contact Smart Hyde Park View Hostel is by calling +44 207 262 8684. Does Smart Hyde Park View Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Smart Hyde Park View Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel? The standard check-out time at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel is 10:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel, London? C$ 14 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel, with average deals around C$ 100 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Smart Hyde Park View Hostel have a laundry service? Smart Hyde Park View Hostel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Smart Hyde Park View Hostel from Hyde Park? You can walk to Hyde Park while staying at Smart Hyde Park View Hostel - you’ll be about 0.9 km away. Is Smart Hyde Park View Hostel close to Nobu Portman Square? The distance from Smart Hyde Park View Hostel to Nobu Portman Square is 1.8 km. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Smart Hyde Park View Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
