https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sofitel_Dubai_Jumeirah_Beach.htm
Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Hotel Jumeirah Beach - Dubai Marina, PO Box 473828, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 5,891 reviews 9.0 C$ 337 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Providing a sauna, an infinity pool and free Wi-Fi, Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is situated in Dubai Marina and is a short stroll from Al Sahab Tower 2. In addition to free private parking on site, t... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.6 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 30.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4448 4848 All policies Amenities at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Non-smoking rooms available Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Toilet Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting an exclusive beach for guests to enjoy, the hotel is situated in Dubai and provides views of The Walk and Dubai Marina. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai The Walk 8.1 Excellent The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence PO Box 2431, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Dubai, Hilton Dubai The Walk offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a private beach, and is moments from The Walk. It provides a gym, as well as a kids club, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Amwaj Rotana, Jumeirah Beach - Dubai 8.2 Excellent Jumeirah Beach Residence, 86834, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Set in Dubai Marina, this elegant hotel features a free shuttle service, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. It boasts stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the sea. C$ 331 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 5,891 verified guest reviews 9.0Families 9.0Solo 9.0Couples 9.0Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Beautiful big clean room with great views and all the comforts you could ask for. Great pool with views and excellent location. The turn down service was an unexpected but lovely touch! A 6.1 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2016 I will not stay in Softel again A 6.7 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2016 Despite my reservation for a room with Sea view I get partia view and i was asked to pay a difference to get the full sea view Photos of Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach All photos (28) Bedroom (6) Restaurant (4) Bathroom (3) Conference room (3) Where is Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Most Popular Landmarks Meydan Racecourse19.4 km Burj Khalifa19.5 km The Dubai Fountain19.6 km Dubai Mall19.9 km Emirates Towers21.7 km Al Karama25.8 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station1.2 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station24.4 km Dubai Np25.7 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus28.3 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach50.5 km FAQs when booking at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Is pricing at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? Nightly rates at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach will generally be 32% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Dubai. When staying at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 434/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Dubai for a 5-stars hotel. How close is Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, and Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is 30.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 23m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach? Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Dubai often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach from the Dubai city center? Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is 0.8 km away from the center of Dubai Marina, Dubai. Consider visiting Gold Souq, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach by various forms of transportation. What is the Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach phone number? For questions about Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +971 4448 4848. Does Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach? Yes, there is a gym available to Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach, Dubai? On average, guests have been paying C$ 434 per night to stay at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 28 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach, Dubai. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach from Ibn Battuta Mall? Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach is a walkable distance (3.8 km) from Ibn Battuta Mall, Dubai. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
