https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sofitel_Paris_Baltimore_Tour_Eiffel.htm
Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Hotel 88, Bis Avenue Kleber, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 324 reviews 8.0 C$ 430 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Conveniently positioned, Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel offers easy access to Paris's popular tourist attractions. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This moder... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.3 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 25.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 44 34 54 54 All policies Amenities at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Quiet street view Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Library Books Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Paris City Centre, this hotel is just a short stroll from Seine and Champs-Elysees. It showcases views of Paris and provides an indoor pool. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Splendid Etoile Hotel 8.8 Excellent 1 Avenue Carnot, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Splendid Etoile Hotel sits in the centre of Paris City Centre, just a five-minute walk from the Arc De Triomphe and Place Charles de Gaulle. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Mercure Paris Arc De Triomphe Wagram 7.9 Good 3 Rue Brey, Paris, France Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated in Paris, this 4-star property is modern and elegant. It is located a short walk from the Arc De Triomphe and Place Charles de Gaulle. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 324 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 8.3Solo 8.0Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel All photos (60) Bedroom (19) Other (10) Lounge (5) Conference room (4) Where is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Most Popular Landmarks Eiffel Tower0.9 km Arc De Triomphe0.9 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee1.1 km Palais des Congres de Paris1.4 km Champs-Elysées1.8 km Galeries Lafayette3.2 km Getting Around Paris Trocadéro0.4 km Paris Pont de l'Alma0.9 km Paris Étoile - Champs-Élysées1.0 km Paris Place Charles de Gaulle/Friedland1.0 km Paris Avenue Foch1.1 km Paris Tour Eiffel1.2 km FAQs when booking at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Is pricing at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel comparable to 5 star hotels in Paris? In Paris, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 948. The expected nightly rate for Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is around C$ 547; a price that is 57% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Paris. How close is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is 25 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 19m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel? Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel considered pet-friendly? Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel. How close is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel from the Paris city center? Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is 0.4 km away from the center of Trocadero, Paris. Consider visiting AccorHotels Arena, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel by various forms of transportation. What is the Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel please call +33 1 44 34 54 54. Does Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel, Paris? Usually Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel room prices are around C$ 547/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 336/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel? There is a restaurant located in Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel from Champs-Elysées? Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel is a walkable distance (1.8 km) from Champs-Elysées, Paris. Is Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel close to Louvre Museum? Walking distance - there’s 3.5 km between Louvre Museum and Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Sofitel Paris Baltimore Tour Eiffel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
