https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sonesta_Los_Angeles_Airport.htm
Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Hotel 5985 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 5,790 reviews 7.5 C$ 202 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Sonesta Los Angeles Airport provides 4-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It also features an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. This modern hotel provides an express check-in and check-out f... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.8 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Burbank Bob Hope Distance to airport 28.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 642 7500 All policies Amenities at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Shops (on site) Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapted bath First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel 7.6 Good 6101 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles offers modern accommodation and provides pool views. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Los Angeles Lax/Century Boulevard 8.2 Excellent 5933 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Residence Inn by Marriott Los Angeles LAX/Century Boulevard provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Los Angeles Int'l Airport North 7.6 Good 9801 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute car ride from Los Angeles International Airport, Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport/North offers convenient and comfortable accommodation. Popular facilities, such as an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for an enjoyable stay in Los Angeles. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Los Angeles International Airport 5.9 Okay 9750 Airport Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Los Angeles International Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 5,798 verified guest reviews 7.7Friends 7.6Couples 7.4Families 7.7Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX All photos (60) Conference room (14) Bedroom (11) Dining room (5) Banquet hall (5) Where is Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center12.3 km Westfield Century City13.0 km Santa Monica State Beach13.2 km STAPLES Center15.6 km L.A. Live15.8 km Little Tokyo17.8 km Getting Around Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel0.2 km Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn1.6 km Los Angeles Harbor Freeway10.0 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd13.0 km Los Angeles University of Southern California13.0 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)13.1 km FAQs when booking at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Is pricing at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX will generally be 65% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 196/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With no traffic, the 1.9 km drive between Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX and Los Angeles Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 01m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX? The airport shuttle to Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX is a great option for visitors flying into Los Angeles Airport. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX considered pet-friendly? Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX. Is there a pool at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Los Angeles often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX from the Los Angeles city center? Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX is 1.9 km away from the center of Westchester, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX by various forms of transportation. What is the Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX phone number? The best way to contact Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX is by calling +1 310 642 7500. Does Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX. What is the check-out time at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 196 per night to stay at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 56 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX? Yes - Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX have a laundry service? Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Sonesta Los Angeles Airport LAX Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
