https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sonesta_Simply_Suites_Las_Vegas.htm
Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Hotel 4034 South Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 486 reviews 7.5 C$ 127 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas provides a traditional setting when in Las Vegas. It also offers free Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. There are a variety of facilities at the hotel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.7 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 3.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 836 3660 All policies Amenities at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Kid-friendly Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shops (on site) Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Ice maker Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Coffee machine Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 4100 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino is situated in Las Vegas and offers charming accommodation. Some of the popular features provided at this 3-star hotel are a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4315 University Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Embassy Suites by Hilton Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It also provides a free shuttle service, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Tuscany Suites & Casino 8.4 Excellent 255 East Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is modern and cosy. It also offers an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Virgin Hotels Las Vegas, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.4 Excellent 4455 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Boasting a 3-acre pool with swim-up blackjack, Hard Rock Hotel and Casino provides guests with a unique experience, including live entertainment from world-famous acts. This themed property is ideally situated in East of Las Vegas Strip. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 486 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.2Friends 7.6Families 7.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center All photos (26) Bedroom (7) Kitchen (5) Bathroom (3) Gym (2) Where is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Most Popular Landmarks High Roller1.3 km Fountains of Bellagio1.8 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.8 km Crystals at City Center1.9 km TPC Summerlin15.5 km T-Mobile Arena2.6 km Getting Around Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.5 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.7 km Las Vegas UNLV1.7 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.8 km Las Vegas Unlv1.8 km FAQs when booking at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center How close is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With a distance of 3.4 km between Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center and the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 02m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center? Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center during their stay. Is there a pool at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center? Yes. Many people visiting Las Vegas look for a hotel with a pool. Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center from the Las Vegas city center? Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center is just 0.5 km away from the center of East of The Strip, Las Vegas. From Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center phone number? For questions about Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 836 3660. Does Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center? Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center, Las Vegas? A good deal at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center right now is between C$ 72 and C$ 186 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center from Fountains of Bellagio? Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center is a walkable distance (1.8 km) from Fountains of Bellagio, Las Vegas. Is Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center close to Thomas and Mack Center? If you want to see Thomas and Mack Center while visiting Las Vegas, Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center is just 1.5 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Sonesta Simply Suites Las Vegas Convention Center Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
