https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/South_Korea.htm
South Korea Hotels - Amazing Deals on 33,700 Hotels in South Korea Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels in South Korea Search and compare South Korea hotels from hundreds of travel sites and save South Korea 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests South Korea Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels in South Korea Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Toyoko-Inn Busan Jungang Station 8.4 Excellent 125, Jungang-Daero, Jung-gu, Busan, South Korea Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Busan, South Korea ExcellentBased on 442 reviews 8.4 Toyoko Inn Busan Jungang Station provides a modern setting when in Busan. It also offers meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. View Deals Hotel Aventree Jongno 8.2 Excellent 46, Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 2,379 reviews 8.2 Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Anguk Subway Station (Line 3), Hotel Aventree Jongno provides guests with an ideal base while in Seoul. It is located a brief walk from Gwanghwamun, Cheonggyecheon and Gwanghwamun Plaza. View Deals Hotel Skypark Central Myeongdong 8.0 Excellent 16, Myeongdong 9-Gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 914 reviews 8.0 Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Cheonggyecheon. It also provides a rooftop terrace, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Aventree Hotel Busan 8.7 Excellent 12-1, Changseon-dong 1-ga, Jung-gu, Busan, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Busan, South Korea ExcellentBased on 858 reviews 8.7 Set in Busan, Aventree Hotel Busan is a five-minute walk from Jagalchi Market and features free wireless internet access in all areas. It is a short walk from BIFF Square and is moments from the area's well-known attractions. View Deals Hotel Pj Myeongdong 8.5 Excellent 71, Mareunnae-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 925 reviews 8.5 Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to Gwangjang Market and Namsangol Hanok Village. Guests can also make the most of free internet throughout the property. View Deals Haevichi Hotel & Resort Jeju 8.6 Excellent 537, Minsokhaean-ro, Pyoseon-Myeon, Seogwipo, South Korea Show on map 27.4 km from city centre, Seogwipo, South Korea ExcellentBased on 1,080 reviews 8.6 This modern hotel in Seogwipo provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as an all-inclusive meal plan and a private beach. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Spa Ara and Multi Stadium. View Deals Hotel Kuretakeso Insadong 8.3 Excellent 20-9, Insadong-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 511 reviews 8.3 Located in Seoul, Hotel Kuretakeso Insa Dong Seoul offers complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It provides a wake-up service and a lift, and is a brief walk from Cheonggyecheon. View Deals ibis Ambassador Busan City Centre 8.0 Excellent 777, Jungang-Daero, Busanjin-gu, Busan, South Korea Show on map 6.8 km from city centre, Busan, South Korea ExcellentBased on 601 reviews 8.0 Offering views of Busan, Ibis Ambassador Busan City Centre is located near a multitude of well-known eateries, and boasts free Wi-Fi. This contemporary property is ideally located in Busanjin-gu. View Deals All 33,700 hotels in South Korea Tips for booking hotels in South Korea Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: December Average price in South Korea: C$ 170/night Cheapest price found: C$ 9/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 137 - C$ 244 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 131 - C$ 178 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated South Korea hotels Show all 33,700 hotels 1 Picasso Hotel 8.1 Excellent 123-6, Donggul-ro, Donghae, South Korea Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Donghae, South Korea Hotel Picasso Donghae provides a comfortable setting while in Donghae. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. View Deals 2 D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. View Deals 3 Sunset Business Hotel 7.9 Good 46, Gunam-ro, Haeundae-gu, Busan, South Korea Show on map 12.7 km from city centre, Busan, South Korea Sunset Business Hotel is located in Haeundae-gu, a few minutes from Paradise Casino and Cheongsapo. It offers free wireless internet in public areas and is moments from Haeundae Beach and other well-known attractions. View Deals 4 Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 5 St. John's Hotel 7.2 Good 307, Changhae-ro, Gangneung, South Korea Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Gangneung, South Korea St John's Hotel has 1091 rooms and features an infinity pool. It is located a brief walk from Gangmun Beach and Chodang Sundubu Village. View Deals 6 The Suites Hotel Gyeongju 8.1 Excellent 280-12, Bomun-ro, Gyeongju, South Korea Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Gyeongju, South Korea The Suites Hotel Gyeongju is located in Gyeongju and offers free wireless internet. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Sauna and Swimming Pool. View Deals 7 Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. View Deals 8 ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. View Deals Cheapest hotels in South Korea, Asia Show all 33,700 hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Malu Hotel 7.6 Good 33, Gohwa-ro 9Beon-Gil, Paldal-gu, Suwon, South Korea Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Suwon, South Korea Malu Hotel is located in Suwon and is close to Hwaseong Fortress. It also provides a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Shin Shin Hotel Jeju Worldcup 7.6 Good 55, Seohojung-ro, Seogwipo, South Korea Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Seogwipo, South Korea Located in Seogwipo, Shin Shin Jeju World Cup offers free Wi-Fi and a gym. It also features a 24-hour reception, a business centre and luggage storage. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Biz Jongro 8.0 Excellent 7, Samil-daero 26-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Hotel Biz Jongro is situated in Seoul and is within a short walk of nearby sightseeing spots, including the Jongmyo, Jongno Tower and Cheonggyecheon. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon 8.9 Excellent 8-3, Sinchon-ro 3ga-Gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Situated within walking distance of Sinchon Subway Station (Line 2), Kimchee Guesthouse Shinchon offers guests an ideal base when in Seoul. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Star Guest House 8.5 Excellent 26-10, Namdaemun-ro 1-Gil (5th Floor), Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul guest house is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Namdaemun Gate and Deoksugung Palace. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet access. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in South Korea 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Toyoko-Inn Busan Jungang Station 125, Jungang-Daero, Jung-gu, Busan, South Korea 8.4 C$ 48 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Kuretakeso Insadong 20-9, Insadong-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea 8.3 C$ 70 View Deal Best value Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea 4.7 C$ 19 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular H Avenue Hotel Gangnam Yeoksam 12, Teheran-ro 29-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea 5.8 C$ 131 View Deal #2 Most popular Hotel Aventree Jongno 46, Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea 8.2 C$ 68 View Deal Best value ibis Ambassador Busan City Centre 777, Jungang-Daero, Busanjin-gu, Busan, South Korea 8.0 C$ 55 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Haevichi Hotel & Resort Jeju 537, Minsokhaean-ro, Pyoseon-Myeon, Seogwipo, South Korea 8.6 C$ 193 View Deal #2 Most popular Lotte Hotel Jeju 35, Jungmungwangwang-ro 72Beon-Gil, Seogwipo, South Korea 8.7 C$ 197 View Deal Best value Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Jeju Ocean Front 66, Tapdong-ro, Jeju City, South Korea 8.2 C$ 132 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in South Korea Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Vacation rentals in popular South Korea cities Seoul vacation rentals Jeju City vacation rentals Busan vacation rentals Seogwipo vacation rentals Incheon vacation rentals Yeosu vacation rentals Sokcho vacation rentals Gangneung vacation rentals Daegu vacation rentals Gyeongju vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular South Korea airports Incheon Intl Airport Busan Gimhae Airport Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport Daegu Airport Jeju City Airport Muan Intl. Airport Yangyang Intl Airport Gunsan Airport Hotels near popular South Korea landmarks Songjeong Beach Haeundae Beach Gongdeok Subway Station Lotte World Eonju Subway Station (Line 9) Chiaksan National Park Jongno 3(sam)-ga Subway Station (Line 1 & 3 & 5) Sinnonhyeon Subway Station Jamsillaru Subway Station (Line 2) COEX Mall Show more Hotels in popular South Korea cities Seoul hotels Jeju City hotels Busan hotels Seogwipo hotels Incheon hotels Yeosu hotels Seongnam hotels Jeonju hotels Sokcho hotels Gangneung hotels Show more Hotels in popular South Korea neighbourhoods Songpa-gu, Seoul hotels Nonhyeon-dong, Incheon hotels Jung-gu, Seoul hotels Buam-dong, Busan hotels Guro-gu, Seoul hotels Seongdong-gu, Seoul hotels Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul hotels Hoehyeon-dong, Seoul hotels Gangdong-gu, Seoul hotels Gangbuk-gu, Seoul hotels Show more Hotels in popular South Korea regions Jeju-do Jeollanam-do Gyeonggi-do Gangwon-do Jeollabuk-do Chungcheongbuk-do Gyeongsangnam-do Gyeongsangbuk-do Chungcheongnam-do About South Korea From the buzzing capital of Seoul to the rugged peaks of Seoraksan National Park, South Korea is a country of incredible diversity. It sits on the southern end of the Korean Peninsula and charms visitors with its mix of cosmopolitan cities and centuries-old temples. Things to do in South Korea Most trips to South Korea start in Seoul, one of the biggest and most powerful cities in Asia. The metropolis is a fascinating blend of old and new, with ancient palaces standing alongside contemporary skyscrapers. After dark, you can get lost in the city’s colourful night markets. Escape to the South Korean countryside and you’ll find yourself surrounded by lush rice fields and soaring mountains. You don’t have to venture far from the city to find gems such as Seongsan Ilchul-bong, an extinct volcanic crater formed more than 5,000 years ago. Climbing the crater at sunrise is a bucket list experience for most South Koreans. In Bukhansan National Park, you can scale granite peaks and wander through sun-dappled maple forests. Mudeungsan National Park is another world-class hiking destination, with trails leading to hidden Buddhist temples and shrines. South Koreans are passionate about food and love sharing local specialties with travellers. Save your appetite for “hoeddeok” syrup pancakes, “ddukbokki” spicy rice cake and “samgyeopsal” pork strips. No South Korean meal is complete without a spoon of tangy kimchi. The postcard-perfect beaches of Jeju-do are one of the best-kept secrets in South Korea. The island is peppered with laid-back beach resorts where you can bask on sugar-white sand, cool off in crystalline water and snorkel on colourful coral reefs. Fringed by a golden arc of sand and backed by forested mountains, Busan is one of the most scenic cities in Asia. There’s plenty to do in this lively port town, which is home to attractions such as the Beomeo-sa Buddhist temple and Jagalchi Fish Market. Getting around South Korea In cities like Seoul, Busan and Daegu, the local subway networks are the fastest and easiest way to get around. Taxis are also a quick and affordable way to get from A to B and high-speed KTX bullet trains connect major cities across South Korea. Facts about staying in South Korea What is the best place in South Korea for bars and restaurants? Hotels in South Korea offer you the chance to stay close to some of the best bars and clubs in the country. Unsurprisingly, Seoul is one of the most popular places to party, with a range of clubs and bars for you to enjoy. Club Volnost is just one of many clubs where you can dance into the night. You can stay at a hotel such as The Shilla Seoul if you want to be a short bus journey from the club. Busan is another popular city for bars with its large student population. The Gwangalli district is one such area with bars like Happy Monk, which provides great drinks and a view of the beach. If you want to be a short walk from this popular establishment, you can stay at Homer’s Hotel. Gangneung is a smaller city, but it has some great places to eat. Head to Jumunjin Seafood Street, where you can choose from a range of restaurants. You can stay at Hotel Herren if you want to be close by to this location. What is the best place for a family vacation in South Korea? There are loads of things to do in South Korea for families. Take your kids to Everland theme park in Yongin, which has a range of slides for everyone. You can stay at Q Hotel, which is only a short bus journey to the entrance of this park. The Ocean Water Park in Yeosu is another excellent activity to do with your family. Offering a selection of slides for all ages, you can have hours of fun there. If you want to make your base close to the water park, you can stay at The Ocean Hotel. In Seoul, children can see their favourite animal up close and personal at Seoul Grand Park Zool. What are the best things to do and see in South Korea? There are some great things to see in South Korea. One of the most celebrated festivals in the country is Jeju Fire Festival, a celebration for health and harvest. Taking place on the island of Jeju, you can stay at a hotel like Astar Hotel to be close to the action. Another great thing to do in South Korea is to see the Gyeongbokgung Palace in Seoul, which gives you a glimpse into the country’s past. You can stay at Somerset Palace Seoul if you want to stay close to this tourist site. Take a trip to Apsan Park in Daegu, where you can climb a mountain peak for stunning views. If you want to reach the mountain by bus, you can stay at South Korea accommodation like Ariana Hotel. Where are the best places to stay for beaches? There is some great accommodation in South Korea, which means you can stay close to some fantastic beaches. Haeundae Beach in Busan is one of the most popular, with golden sands and clear waters. Seobin Beach on Jeju Island is famous for having the only coral beach in the country. Its sands are also white, and the water is crystal clear. If you want to go surfing, look no further than Hajodae Beach in Yangyang-eup. With cafes, bars and beach activities, there’s something for everyone. You can stay at South Korea hotels like Sol Beach Yangyang if you want to be a stone’s throw away from the sand. Where is the best place to stay in South Korea? Our travelers prefer to stay in places like Seoul, Busan, and Incheon while in South Korea. What are the best hotels in South Korea? Lotte Hotel Seoul, rated with a score of 8.8 from 1,239 reviewers, is one of the most popular hotels in South Korea. Other top stays include Migliore Hotel Seoul Myeongdong, with an average rating of 7.7 from 404 reviewers, and Courtyard by Marriott Seoul Botanic Park, with a score of 8.7 from 842 reviewers. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
