https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sportsmens_Lodge_Hotel.htm
Sportsmen's Lodge, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Sportsmen's Lodge Sportsmen's Lodge Hotel 12825 Ventura Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 398 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sportsmen's Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Sportsmen's Lodge Located in Los Angeles, Sportsmen's Lodge Hotel offers complimentary Wi-Fi and a gym. It also features an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a Jacuzzi. This Los Angel... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.6 km Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 22.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 818 769 4700 All policies Amenities at Sportsmen's Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Spa bath Express check-out Terrace/Patio Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Safe Room service Coffee shop Hot tub Garden Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Beauty salon Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Sportsmen's Lodge Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,563 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 370 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Sportsmen's Lodge Mikado Hotel 7.2 Good 12600 Riverside Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Mikado Hotel Los Angeles offers 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals The Garland 8.9 Excellent 4222 Vineland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Universal City/Studio City Metro Station, The Garland offers guests an ideal base while in Los Angeles. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals Tilt Hotel Universal-Hollywood Ascend Hotel Collection 7.1 Good 3241 Cahuenga Blvd W, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.1 km from current hotel Tilt Hotel Universal Hollywood an Ascend Hotel Collection Member is located in Los Angeles and offers an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 255 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Sportsmen's Lodge All photos (13) Bathroom (3) Bedroom (3) Banquet hall (2) Bar (1) Where is Sportsmen's Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Echo Park16.0 km Santa Monica State Beach16.7 km Northridge Fashion Center16.8 km L.A. Live17.5 km STAPLES Center17.6 km Dodger Stadium17.7 km Getting Around Los Angeles West La (palms)12.9 km Los Angeles Westin Bonaventure Hotel17.7 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd18.0 km Los Angeles University of Southern California18.0 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)18.4 km Los Angeles University of Southern California18.4 km FAQs when booking at Sportsmen's Lodge How close is Sportsmen's Lodge to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 22.6 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Sportsmen's Lodge. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Sportsmen's Lodge? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Sportsmen's Lodge? Yes, Sportsmen's Lodge has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Sportsmen's Lodge from the Los Angeles city center? Sportsmen's Lodge is 1.9 km away from the center of Studio City, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sportsmen's Lodge by various forms of transportation. What is the Sportsmen's Lodge phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Sportsmen's Lodge please call +1 818 769 4700. Does Sportsmen's Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sportsmen's Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Sportsmen's Lodge? Sportsmen's Lodge has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Sportsmen's Lodge? Yes, food can be ordered from the Sportsmen's Lodge restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Sportsmen's Lodge have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Sportsmen's Lodge, Los Angeles. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 Sportsmen's Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
