https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/SQ_Boutique_Hotel.htm
SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Hotel 54 Soi Sukhumvit 19, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 199 reviews 8.8 C$ 68 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Situated a brief drive from Centralworld, SQ Boutique Hotel provides elegant accommodation in Bangkok. It is steps from Terminal 21, eateries and nightlife options. This cosy hotel provides b... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 21.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 252 6800 All policies Amenities at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Babysitting or child care Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Dream Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 10 Sukhumvit Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This trendy 5-star hotel is situated in Watthana and features a rooftop pool. It also showcases views of Bangkok. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Bangkok, Sukhumvit 15 8.6 Excellent 4 Sukhumvit Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Four Points by Sheraton Bangkok Sukhumvit 15 is just a five-minute walk from Asok BTS Skytrain Station. It is located in Bangkok’s vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Terminal 21. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 is within a 30-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and an outdoor pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the Sauna & Steam and Putting Green Golf & Tennis Course. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Bangkok Sukhumvit 8.8 Excellent 189 Sukhumvit Road Soi 13-15, Klongtoey Nua, Wattana, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Sofitel Bangkok Sukhumvit is only a five-minute stroll from Asok BTS Skytrain Station. This 5-star hotel features a rooftop terrace, as well as exclusive views of Bangkok. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 201 verified guest reviews 8.8Couples 8.7Friends 9.0Families 8.7Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited All photos (27) Bedroom (8) Building (4) Attractions (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Most Popular Landmarks Terminal 210.2 km Centralworld2.4 km Central World Plaza2.5 km Pratunam2.6 km Siam Square2.9 km Silom Complex3.0 km Getting Around Bangkok Asok Bts0.3 km Bangkok Nana Bts0.5 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 240.8 km Bangkok Ratchada Building 21.1 km Bangkok Makkasan1.2 km Bangkok Phloen Chit Bts1.3 km FAQs when booking at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Is pricing at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited comparable to 4 star hotels in Bangkok? Nightly rates at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited will generally be 42% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Bangkok. When staying at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 74/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Bangkok for a 4-stars hotel. How close is SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 19.9 km between SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 15m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. How close is SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited from the Bangkok city center? SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited is 0.4 km away from the center of Sukhumvit, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited by various forms of transportation. What is the SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited phone number? For questions about SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 252 6800. Does SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited have Wi-Fi available? Yes, SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited, Bangkok? On average, guests have been paying C$ 74 per night to stay at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 53 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited? There is an on-site restaurant - contact SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited that can be used by guests. How far is SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited from Victory Monument? You can walk to Victory Monument while staying at SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited - you’ll be about 3.7 km away. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
