https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/SR_Hotel_Sadang.htm
Sr Hotel Sadang, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Sr Hotel Sadang Sr Hotel Sadang Hotel 15, Dongjak-Daero 1-Gil, Dongjak-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 374 reviews 8.0 C$ 91 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sr Hotel Sadang Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sr Hotel Sadang SR Hotel Sadang is located in Seoul and features a rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi. The multiple facilities this stylish hotel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, a concierge and luggage storage.... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.4 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 46.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 2588 2000 All policies Amenities at Sr Hotel Sadang Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Rooftop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Iron and ironing board Accessible parking Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Lockers Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Sr Hotel Sadang Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Sr Hotel Sadang JW Marriott Hotel Seoul 8.7 Excellent 176, Sinbanpo-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Set in Seocho-gu, JW Marriott Hotel Seoul is a short stroll from Central City and offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. The hotel is also ideally located within walking distance of Express Bus Terminal Subway Station (Line 3 & 7 & 9). C$ 392 Avg. per night View Deals Urban Place Gangnam 7.3 Good 30, Hyoryeong-RO 77-Gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 4.6 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Gangnam Subway Station (Line 2), Urban Place Gangnam provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Shilla Stay Seocho 7.8 Good 427, Hyoryeong-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 4.6 km from current hotel Shilla Stay Seocho provides 3-star accommodation in Seoul. It offers free Wi-Fi, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Peyto Gangnam 8.4 Excellent 259, Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 4.7 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Hotel Peyto Gangnam offers free Wi-Fi and a gym. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sr Hotel Sadang 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 374 verified guest reviews 7.5Families 8.2Solo 7.4Friends 8.3Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date R 10.0 Excellent rud*, Mar. 2019 Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. staff were really helpful even though they were only trainees. very professional and really helpful at the desk. The facilities were top class did not expect that given the price I paid. Photos of Sr Hotel Sadang All photos (60) Other (27) Bedroom (20) Bathroom (5) Front desk (3) Where is Sr Hotel Sadang Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market10.5 km Dongdaemun Gate10.8 km Gyeongbokgung Palace11.3 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.8 km Yeouido Park7.5 km COEX Mall7.9 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni13.1 km Seoul Sangbong16.3 km Seoul Yongsan6.0 km Seoul Bus8.6 km FAQs when booking at Sr Hotel Sadang Is pricing at Sr Hotel Sadang comparable to 2 star hotels in Seoul? Sr Hotel Sadang is generally less than the average price of 2 stars hotels in Seoul. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 128 per night in Seoul. Sr Hotel Sadang will run you C$ 132 per night, which is 24% cheaper than the Seoul average. How close is Sr Hotel Sadang to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 18.7 km between Sr Hotel Sadang and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Sr Hotel Sadang? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Sr Hotel Sadang from the Seoul city center? Sr Hotel Sadang is 1.2 km away from the center of Bangbae-dong, Seoul. Consider visiting Lotte World, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sr Hotel Sadang by various forms of transportation. What is the Sr Hotel Sadang phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 2588 2000 to talk to a Sr Hotel Sadang front desk representative. Does Sr Hotel Sadang have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sr Hotel Sadang has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Sr Hotel Sadang? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Sr Hotel Sadang, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Sr Hotel Sadang, Seoul? Sr Hotel Sadang room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 132/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 71/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Sr Hotel Sadang? Yes, food can be ordered from the Sr Hotel Sadang restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Sr Hotel Sadang have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Sr Hotel Sadang Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
