https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/St_Christophers_Inn_Paris_Canal.htm
St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Hostel 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France GoodBased on 4,101 reviews 7.3 C$ 35 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 2... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.1 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 18.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 40 34 34 40 All policies Amenities at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Snack bar Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Balcony Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Street parking Body soap Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Desk Privacy curtain Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Night club Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Evening entertainment Pool table Services Conference rooms Ticket service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Entertainment staff Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Ibis Budget Paris La Villette 19Ème 7.1 Good 57 63 Avenue Jean Jaures, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel ibis budget Paris La Villette 19eme is located in Paris and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and luggage storage. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Generator Paris 7.5 Good 9-11 Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris, France Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Generator Paris provides a modern setting when in Paris. It also offers a coffee bar, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Hipotel Paris Gare Du Nord Merryl 6.2 Good 7 Rue Pajol, Paris, France Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Paris North Railway Station, the hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Paris. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord 7.4 Good 5 rue de Dunkerque, Paris, France Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Paris, France Located just a five-minute walk from Paris North Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Hotelf1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces 6.1 Good 29 Rue Du Docteur Babinski, Paris, France Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Paris, France HotelF1 Paris Porte de Montmartre Hotel provides a cosy setting while in Paris. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a lift. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 4,101 verified guest reviews 7.3Friends 7.3Solo 6.8Families 6.6Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal All photos (31) Bedroom (10) Balcony (3) Bathroom (3) Other (3) Where is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Most Popular Landmarks Roland Garros Stadium10.7 km Cimetière de Montmartre3.6 km Centre Pompidou3.7 km Galeries Lafayette3.8 km Louvre Museum4.4 km Notre Dame4.5 km Getting Around Paris Rosa Parks0.9 km Paris Porte De Pantin0.9 km Paris Porte de la Villette1.1 km Paris Marx Dormoy1.4 km Paris La Chapelle1.4 km Paris Magenta1.8 km FAQs when booking at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Is pricing at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal comparable to 2 star hotels in Paris? Nightly rates at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal will generally be 44% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Paris. When staying at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 116/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Paris for a 2-stars hotel. How close is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At just 18.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is 0h 14m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal? For the most freedom while visiting Paris, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal from the Paris city center? St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is 0.4 km away from the center of 19th arrondissement, Paris. Consider visiting Champs-Elysées, a popular landmark that can be accessed from St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal by various forms of transportation. What is the St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal phone number? You can reach the front desk of St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal at +33 1 40 34 34 40. Does St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal, Paris? St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 116/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 22/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal? There is a restaurant located in St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
