https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/St_Christophers_Inn_Paris_Gare_du_Nord.htm
St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Hostel 5 rue de Dunkerque, Paris, France GoodBased on 5,985 reviews 7.4 C$ 39 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Located just a five-minute walk from Paris North Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Paris. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.4 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Paris Beauvais-Tille Distance to airport 66.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 70 08 52 22 All policies Amenities at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Adults only Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Dining room Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Express check-out Parking Body soap Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Privacy curtain Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Show more Activities Evening entertainment Pool table Services Conference rooms Ticket service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,562 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,834 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 598 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 336 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Libertel Gare Du Nord Suede 8.0 Excellent 106 Boulevard Magenta, Paris, France Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Opened in 1900, Libertel Gare Du Nord Suede is set in Paris and offers a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Le Robinet d'Or 8.8 Excellent 17 rue Robert Blache, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located a short walk from East Railway Station, Le Robinet d'Or is an ideal base when in Paris. The various facilities this cosy hotel features include meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and valet parking. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Hipotel Paris Gare Du Nord Merryl 6.2 Good 7 Rue Pajol, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Paris North Railway Station, the hotel provides guests with a convenient base while in Paris. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Altona 7.0 Good 166 Rue Du Faubourg Poissonnière, Paris, France Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Altona Hotel Paris is located in Paris and provides free Wi-Fi. The reception desk is open around the clock, and a buffet breakfast is available each morning. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.8 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 303 Avg. per night View Deals Terrass Hotel 8.8 Excellent 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 5,985 verified guest reviews 6.7Couples 7.3Friends 6.9Families 7.5Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord All photos (44) Bedroom (19) Other (9) Bathroom (6) Hallway (2) Where is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Most Popular Landmarks Galeries Lafayette2.0 km Centre Pompidou2.1 km Cimetière de Montmartre2.3 km Louvre Museum2.6 km Notre Dame3.0 km Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés3.3 km Getting Around Paris Gare du Nord0.1 km Paris Magenta0.1 km Paris Gare de l'Est0.3 km Paris Église Saint-Laurent0.5 km Paris La Chapelle0.6 km Paris Château d'Eau0.8 km FAQs when booking at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Is pricing at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord comparable to 2 star hotels in Paris? Hotels in Paris that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 156/night, but on average, St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord is available for 45% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord for C$ 116/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Paris. How close is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 20.4 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord. The average expected drive time from St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord? St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Paris, renting a car for around C$ 40/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord from the Paris city center? St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord is 0.3 km away from the center of Magenta Station, Paris. Consider visiting AccorHotels Arena, a popular landmark that can be accessed from St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord by various forms of transportation. What is the St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord please call +33 1 70 08 52 22. Does St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord have Wi-Fi available? Yes, St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord? The standard check-out time at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord, Paris? On average, guests have been paying C$ 116 per night to stay at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 23 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord? There is a restaurant located in St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hostel also has a bar. Does St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord. How far is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord from Champs-Elysées? The popular Champs-Elysées is just over 3.5 km from St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord. Is St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord close to Louvre Museum? If you want to see Louvre Museum while visiting Paris, St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord is just 2.6 km away. Home France Hotels 412,253 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,933 St Christopher's Inn Paris - Gare du Nord Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
