https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/St_Clair_Hotel_Hostel.htm
St. Clair Hotel Hostel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 St. Clair Hotel Hostel St. Clair Hotel Hostel Hostel 577 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada GoodBased on 375 reviews 6.7 C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for St. Clair Hotel Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About St. Clair Hotel Hostel St Clair Hotel Hostel is set in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. There are a range of facilities available to gu... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 6.7 Nearest airport Vancouver Coal Harbour Distance to airport 0.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 684 3713 All policies Amenities at St. Clair Hotel Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Family rooms Lockers Linens Towels Fan Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Fire extinguisher Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Laundry facilities Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Heating Shower Trash cans Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Desk First-aid kit Privacy curtain Socket near the bed Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Services Ticket service Concierge service 24-hour security Multi-lingual staff Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to St. Clair Hotel Hostel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to St. Clair Hotel Hostel Victorian Hotel 8.5 Excellent 514 Homer Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Victorian Hotel is conveniently located in the city centre and is only five minutes from Vancouver Harbour Centre. Only a 10 minute walk from Waterfront Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Suites 8.5 Excellent 550 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the centre of Vancouver, Delta Hotels Vancouver Downtown Suites is a short walk from Waterfront Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. It also provides a sauna, a bowling alley and a swimming pool. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Kingston Hotel 9.2 Excellent 757 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Vancouver hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 1,799 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver 8.6 Excellent 645 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver provides modern accommodation in Vancouver and is a short stroll from Waterfront Station. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Canada Place, the Vancouver Public Library and Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for St. Clair Hotel Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 374 verified guest reviews 6.8Friends 6.5Couples 6.9Families 6.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of St. Clair Hotel Hostel All photos (1) Building (1) Where is St. Clair Hotel Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.3 km Waterfront Centre0.5 km BC Place Stadium0.7 km Rogers Arena0.7 km TELUS World of Science1.3 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.3 km Getting Around Vancouver Waterfront Station0.4 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.5 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.5 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.9 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.0 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.3 km FAQs when booking at St. Clair Hotel Hostel Is pricing at St. Clair Hotel Hostel comparable to 1 star hotels in Vancouver? Nightly rates at St. Clair Hotel Hostel will generally be 33% cheaper than the average 1-star hotel in Vancouver. When staying at St. Clair Hotel Hostel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 109/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Vancouver for a 1-star hotel. How close is St. Clair Hotel Hostel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and St. Clair Hotel Hostel is 0.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to St. Clair Hotel Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for St. Clair Hotel Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. How close is St. Clair Hotel Hostel from the Vancouver city center? The center of Downtown, Vancouver, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of St. Clair Hotel Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from St. Clair Hotel Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the St. Clair Hotel Hostel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 684 3713 to talk to a St. Clair Hotel Hostel front desk representative. Does St. Clair Hotel Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, St. Clair Hotel Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at St. Clair Hotel Hostel? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at St. Clair Hotel Hostel, Vancouver? St. Clair Hotel Hostel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 109/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 72/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does St. Clair Hotel Hostel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is St. Clair Hotel Hostel from TELUS World of Science? St. Clair Hotel Hostel is a good place to stay to see TELUS World of Science. It’s 1.3 km away. Is St. Clair Hotel Hostel close to Rogers Arena? Rogers Arena is also a popular place to see in Vancouver. It is 0.7 km from St. Clair Hotel Hostel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 St. Clair Hotel Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
