https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Staz_Hotel_Myeongdong_2.htm
Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Hotel 16 Supyo-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea GoodBased on 1,002 reviews 7.9 C$ 47 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Situated in Central Seoul, Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 is a short walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi during their stay. A concierge, a currency exchange and a 24-hou... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 49.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 260 8000 All policies Amenities at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Linens Towels Safety deposit box Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heating Shower Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Business secretarial services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Tour desk Shuttle service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 7.9 Good 302, Samil-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also provides a rooftop terrace, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Won's Ville Myeongdong 162-3, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated only a short walk from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4), Won's Ville Myeongdong offers guests an ideal base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Nine Tree Premier Hotel Myeongdong 2 8.8 Excellent 28, Mareunnae-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Seoul, just a short stroll from Namsangol Hanok Village and Myeongdong Cathedral. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Sejong Hotel 8.0 Excellent 145, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Sejong Hotel is situated in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is moments on foot from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,002 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.0Friends 7.8Families 7.9Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date Z 9.2 Excellent Ze Fei, Jul. 2018 people there were able to communicate with me in english so language barrier is not a problem! the twin room seems smaller than shown in the picture but it’s not a problem as it feels cozy and clean. room will be cleaned daily, providing a comfortable stay! the location is not far from myeongdong but still have a to walk a distance but overall, i enjoyed staying there very much! Photos of Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 All photos (33) Bedroom (8) Room amenity (8) Other (4) Bathroom (2) Where is Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market1.7 km Dongdaemun Gate1.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool12.8 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.1 km Yeouido Park7.2 km COEX Mall8.1 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.0 km Seoul Yongsan4.3 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.6 km Seoul Sangbong9.2 km FAQs when booking at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Is pricing at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? In Seoul, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 143. The expected nightly rate for Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 is around C$ 70; a price that is 64% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Seoul. How close is Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 16.7 km between Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 from the Seoul city center? The center of Jung-gu, Seoul, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 using any means of transportation. What is the Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +82 (0) 22 260 8000. Does Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2, Seoul? C$ 36 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2, with average deals around C$ 70 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2? There is a restaurant located in Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 from Dongdaemun Gate? Dongdaemun Gate in Seoul is 1.9 km away from Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2. Is Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 is just 1.9 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
