https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Strand_Palace_Hotel_London.htm
Strand Palace Hotel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Strand Palace Hotel Strand Palace Hotel Hotel 372 Strand, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 8,503 reviews 8.1 C$ 198 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Strand Palace Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Strand Palace Hotel Situated in Central London, Strand Palace Hotel London provides art deco accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It is located a brief stroll from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and West E... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.6 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 379 4737 All policies Amenities at Strand Palace Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Safety deposit box Seating area Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Vending machine (drinks) Desk Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Strand Palace Hotel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Strand Palace Hotel Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Trafalgar Square London 8.1 Excellent 18/21 Northumberland Avenue, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Offering 4-star accommodation, Citadines Trafalgar Square London is conveniently located in Westminster. It is close to Trafalgar Square, eateries and shops. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 8.5 Excellent 31-36 Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel London is a modern hotel situated in a popular tourist area, under a short stroll to Piccadilly Circus and Theatreland. It has complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Leicester Square. C$ 393 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Flemings Mayfair 8.7 Excellent 7-12 Half Moon Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Just minutes from Green Park Tube Station, Flemings Mayfair is one of London's oldest hotels and offers luxury accommodation and facilities, including a fully-equipped gym. Close to shops and restaurants, the hotel is a convenient base when in London. C$ 509 Avg. per night View Deals Marlin Waterloo 7.9 Good 111 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Imperial War Museum. It offers free Wi-Fi, room service and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Strand Palace Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 8,503 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.1Couples 8.2Friends 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date J 8.4 Great Joseph, Dec. 2018 good A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jun. 2017 perfect location. rooms small but clean and petfectly adequate A 8.7 Great andersonsophia, Mar. 2017 Fine and the staff were nice and friendly Photos of Strand Palace Hotel All photos (54) Restaurant (14) Bedroom (13) Bar (5) Lounge (5) Where is Strand Palace Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Trafalgar Square0.6 km Leicester Square0.6 km London Eye0.8 km Bloomsbury Square0.9 km Piccadilly Circus1.0 km British Museum1.1 km Getting Around London Embankment0.3 km London Charing Cross0.4 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)0.7 km London Belvedere Road0.8 km London Waterloo1.0 km London Piccadilly Circus1.0 km FAQs when booking at Strand Palace Hotel Is pricing at Strand Palace Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in London? Hotels in London that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 418/night, but on average, Strand Palace Hotel is available for 49% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Strand Palace Hotel for C$ 290/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit London. How close is Strand Palace Hotel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? There are 23.6 km between the closest airport, London Heathrow Airport, and Strand Palace Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 18m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Strand Palace Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Strand Palace Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is Strand Palace Hotel from the London city center? The center of Covent Garden, London, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of Strand Palace Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Wembley Stadium, which you can get to from Strand Palace Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Strand Palace Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +44 207 379 4737. Does Strand Palace Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Strand Palace Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Strand Palace Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Strand Palace Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Strand Palace Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Strand Palace Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Strand Palace Hotel, London? A good deal at Strand Palace Hotel right now is between C$ 109 and C$ 290 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Strand Palace Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Strand Palace Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does Strand Palace Hotel have a laundry service? Strand Palace Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Strand Palace Hotel from Tower Bridge? You can walk to Tower Bridge while staying at Strand Palace Hotel - you’ll be about 3.2 km away. Is Strand Palace Hotel close to Hyde Park? 3.5 km - making Hyde Park a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Strand Palace Hotel. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Strand Palace Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
