https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Strathcona_Hotel.htm
Strathcona Hotel, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Strathcona Hotel Strathcona Hotel Hotel 60 York Street, Toronto, ON, Canada PoorBased on 3 reviews 1.3 C$ 304 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Strathcona Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Strathcona Hotel Centrally located, The Strathcona Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It is also situated five minutes on foot from Toronto-Dominion Centre, and provides a co... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 1.3 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 19.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 363 3321 All policies Amenities at Strathcona Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Safe Room service Long-term parking (surcharge) Coffee shop Microwave 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Pool table Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Strathcona Hotel Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Strathcona Hotel Fairmont Royal York 8.3 Excellent 100 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Fairmont Royal York Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's popular tourist attractions. It has a spa, as well as a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and a Jacuzzi. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Toronto Centre, An IHG Hotel 8.4 Excellent 225 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 269 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto 8.6 Excellent 75 Lower Simcoe Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Strathcona Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 1.3 AwfulBased on 3 verified guest reviews 2.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date C 9.7 Excellent C, Aug. 2018 Great experience! We loved the buffet breakfast and overall service! The hotel is convenient located in downtown, close to the train and the Harbourfront! Excellent service! A 8.8 Great Anonymous, Jul. 2018 Hotel stay was better than expected. Friendly, helpful staff and good prices. You can’t beat the location for the price. Hotel lacks amenities, but overall was a nice clean stay. Perfect if you’re not spending much time in the rooms, they are fairly small. Photos of Strathcona Hotel All photos (12) Bedroom (7) Bar (1) Building (1) Living room (1) Where is Strathcona Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Union Station0.2 km Scotiabank Arena0.4 km CN Tower0.5 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.5 km Rogers Centre0.7 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.8 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station0.2 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre0.7 km Toronto Union - Bus1.1 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.2 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.9 km Toronto Weston12.0 km FAQs when booking at Strathcona Hotel How close is Strathcona Hotel to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 19.3 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to Strathcona Hotel. The average expected drive time from Strathcona Hotel to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Strathcona Hotel? Strathcona Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Toronto, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Strathcona Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is Strathcona Hotel from the Toronto city center? The center of Financial District, Toronto, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Strathcona Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from Strathcona Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Strathcona Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Strathcona Hotel is by calling +1 416 363 3321. Does Strathcona Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Strathcona Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Strathcona Hotel? The standard check-out time at Strathcona Hotel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Is there a restaurant at Strathcona Hotel? Strathcona Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Strathcona Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Strathcona Hotel. How far is Strathcona Hotel from Rogers Centre? You can walk to Rogers Centre while staying at Strathcona Hotel - you’ll be about 0.7 km away. Is Strathcona Hotel close to Royal Ontario Museum? Strathcona Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Ontario Museum, which is 2.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Strathcona Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
