https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Stripviewsuites_At_Jockey_Club.htm
Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Apartment Las Vegas, NV, United States C$ 264 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club This comfortable property in Las Vegas offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. It is located a brief walk from Caesars Palace, The Colosseum at Caesars Palace a... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.0 km Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 3.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available Bar/Lounge Terrace/Patio Parking Disabled Access Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Secured parking Air-conditioned Free toiletries Heating Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Picnic area Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool First-aid kit Coffee shop Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Library Services Ticket service Business centre Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Bellagio 8.4 Excellent 3600 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located on the Vegas strip, Bellagio Las Vegas is known for its dancing fountain shows, expansive casino and live performances. Popular amenities, such as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, make for a satisfying stay in Las Vegas. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino 7.7 Good 3667 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Paris Las Vegas Casino. It is located a short walk from Caesars Palace and The Colosseum at Caesars Palace. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Vdara Hotel & Spa at ARIA Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 2600 West Harmon Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This gaming-free, all-suite Las Vegas hotel has an impressive rooftop space with plunge pools, sun loungers and a pool-side bar. It provides views of Las Vegas Strip, and features a sauna. C$ 200 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 457 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club All photos (29) Outdoors view (8) Bedroom (3) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Where is Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Most Popular Landmarks Fountains of Bellagio0.3 km Crystals at City Center0.3 km MGM Grand Garden Arena0.8 km T-Mobile Arena0.9 km High Roller1.0 km Sam's Town10.1 km Getting Around Las Vegas Bally's Hotel0.6 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip0.9 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd1.1 km Las Vegas Excalibur1.2 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.2 km FAQs when booking at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club How close is Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At just 3.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club is 0h 02m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club from the Las Vegas city center? Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club is just 0.4 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. Does Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club. What is the check-out time at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club, Las Vegas? C$ 107 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club, with average deals around C$ 454 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club have a laundry service? Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club from Fountains of Bellagio? Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 0.3 km away. Is Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club close to Thomas and Mack Center? Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Thomas and Mack Center, which is 2.8 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
