https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Studio_Allston_Hotel.htm
Studio Allston Hotel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Studio Allston Hotel Studio Allston Hotel Hotel 1234 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 1,722 reviews 8.3 C$ 217 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Studio Allston Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Studio Allston Hotel Located in Boston, Studio Allston Hotel is an easy drive from Boston Commons and offers private parking on site. It provides 3.5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This unique hot... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.4 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 206 1848 All policies Amenities at Studio Allston Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Radio Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Golf Fitness centre Streaming service Table tennis Playground Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Studio Allston Hotel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Studio Allston Hotel The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Doubletree Suites By Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge 8.5 Excellent 400 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge is within a 15-minute drive of Logan International Airport and provides an indoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a Jacuzzi. It offers 3-star accommodation and views of the city. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Boston 4.9 Okay 40 Mt. Hood Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Boston offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Natalie House 9.1 Excellent 39 Wiltshire Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Situated close to Chestnut Hill Avenue MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Boston and its surrounds. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Studio Allston Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,722 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.2Solo 8.0Families 8.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date B 6.3 Okay bev3872, Jun. 2018 It was an interesting place. Good breakfast buffet. . Need a wastebasket in the bedroom as well as the bathroom. Also need mini refrigerators in the rooms. They had water at the front desk and buffet but it was always warm. Photos of Studio Allston Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (26) Living room (11) Other (7) Lobby (3) Where is Studio Allston Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Harvard Stadium0.8 km Agganis Arena2.0 km Fenway Park3.7 km Museum of Fine Arts4.4 km Prudential Center4.8 km Copley Place5.1 km Getting Around Boston Allston1.5 km Boston 39 Dalton Street4.7 km Boston Back Bay5.3 km Boston Park Plaza5.7 km Boston State House6.0 km Boston North6.2 km FAQs when booking at Studio Allston Hotel Is pricing at Studio Allston Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? Studio Allston Hotel is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Boston. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 316 per night in Boston. Studio Allston Hotel will run you C$ 204 per night, which is 52% cheaper than the Boston average. How close is Studio Allston Hotel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 10.5 km drive between Studio Allston Hotel and Boston Logan Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 08m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Studio Allston Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Studio Allston Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Studio Allston Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Studio Allston Hotel from the Boston city center? Studio Allston Hotel is just 1.2 km away from the center of Allston, Boston. From Studio Allston Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Science. What is the Studio Allston Hotel phone number? For questions about Studio Allston Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 206 1848. Does Studio Allston Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Studio Allston Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Studio Allston Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to Studio Allston Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Studio Allston Hotel? The standard check-out time at Studio Allston Hotel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Studio Allston Hotel, Boston? Studio Allston Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 204/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 127/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Studio Allston Hotel? There is a restaurant located in Studio Allston Hotel. Please contact them for kitchen hours. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Studio Allston Hotel have a laundry service? Studio Allston Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Studio Allston Hotel from Fenway Park? Studio Allston Hotel is a good place to stay to see Fenway Park. It’s 3.7 km away. Is Studio Allston Hotel close to House of Blues Boston? The distance from Studio Allston Hotel to House of Blues Boston is 3.8 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Studio Allston Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
