https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sundial_Boutique_Hotel.htm
Sundial Boutique Hotel, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Sundial Boutique Hotel Sundial Boutique Hotel Hotel 4340 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 502 reviews 9.0 C$ 241 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sundial Boutique Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sundial Boutique Hotel Featuring ski in/out facilities, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Sundial Boutique Hotel is located in Whistler and provides charming accommodation. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, ski passes and a ski s... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 932 2321 All policies Amenities at Sundial Boutique Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Dining room Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Cleaning products Trash cans Tablet Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Eco tourism Fishing Board games/puzzles Golf Books, DVDs, music for children Canoeing Cycling Skiing Horse riding Streaming service Ski-in/Ski-out Hiking Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski equipment rental (on site) Ski pass vendor Ski school Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ski storage Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Sundial Boutique Hotel Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Sundial Boutique Hotel Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This award-winning hotel in Whistler provides complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a saltwater swimming pool and ski in/out facilities. There is also a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment, a sun deck and a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Mountainside Lodge 8.8 Excellent 4417 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Mountainside Lodge - A Shell Vacations Resort is situated in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers babysitting/child services, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Carleton Lodge 8.4 Excellent 4290 Mountain Square, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring ski in/out facilities, Carleton Lodge is situated in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Village Inn And Suites 7.7 Good 4429 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sundial Boutique Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 502 verified guest reviews 9.0Families 9.4Solo 8.9Friends 9.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sundial Boutique Hotel All photos (60) Living room (11) Outdoors view (11) Building (8) Other (8) Where is Sundial Boutique Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Blackcomb0.4 km Whistler Golf Club0.4 km Whistler Marketplace0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.2 km Garibaldi Provincial Park20.9 km Nita Lake3.4 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.3 km FAQs when booking at Sundial Boutique Hotel Is pricing at Sundial Boutique Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Whistler? In Whistler, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 893. The expected nightly rate for Sundial Boutique Hotel is around C$ 866; a price that is 28% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Sundial Boutique Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Whistler. What is the Sundial Boutique Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 932 2321. Does Sundial Boutique Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sundial Boutique Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Sundial Boutique Hotel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Sundial Boutique Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Sundial Boutique Hotel, Whistler? C$ 139 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sundial Boutique Hotel, with average deals around C$ 866 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Sundial Boutique Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Sundial Boutique Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Sundial Boutique Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Sundial Boutique Hotel. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Sundial Boutique Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
