https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sunshine_Mountain_Lodge.htm
Sunshine Mountain Lodge, Banff | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Sunshine Mountain Lodge Sunshine Mountain Lodge Lodge Banff, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 272 reviews 8.6 C$ 381 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sunshine Mountain Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Sunshine Mountain Lodge Sunshine Mountain Lodge provides a luxury setting while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. This Banff lodge of... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.2 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Sunshine Mountain Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Electric kettle Radio Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Room service Heating First-aid kit Hot tub Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Lockers Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Kettle Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Sauna Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Massage Board games/puzzles Skiing Fitness centre Pool table Ski-in/Ski-out Services Babysitting or child care Daily housekeeping Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski equipment rental (on site) Ski pass vendor Ski school Contactless check-in/check-out Spa Ski storage Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Sunshine Mountain Lodge Top Banff hotels The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Rimrock Resort Hotel is a AAA/CAA Four Diamond Hotel located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies and Banff National Park. The Rimrock Resort Hotel offers exceptional views of the Canadian Rockies, fine dining, a luxury spa, full service concierge to suit your vacation needs. With unmatched style, decor and superb hospitality, the Rimrock Resort Hotel is a very special place to visit for a truly remarkable experience. Enjoy the Canadian Rockies in Rimrock style. You will see the difference! C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Banff Springs 8.6 Excellent 405 Spray Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map Located in the heart of Banff National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the historic Fairmont Banff Springs stands as landmark in the picturesque alpine town of Banff, Alberta. Canada's - Castle in the Rockies - has been providing legendary hospitality for more than 125 years. This year-round luxury mountain resort offers a championship golf course during the summer, unparalleled skiing in the winter, the European-style Willow Stream Spa, authentically local dining experiences and breathtaking views. C$ 485 Avg. per night View Deals Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Excellent 345 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The design of the Moose is Mountain elegance with warm, rich, natural materials. Located a 1 minute walk from the heart of downtown Banff, the Moose Hotel & Suites features 174 air conditioned guests rooms, with a combination of One and Two Bedroom Suites and hotel rooms. Amenities include the Meadow Spa & Pools with 10 treatment rooms and private outdoor hot pool, a bright indoor swimming pool and exercise room on the 3rd floor, and 2 spectacular rooftop hot pools with views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is available at Pacini Italian Restaurant, featuring gourmet Italian food with unique and authentic flavours and a warm and friendly ambiance. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Fox Hotel And Suites 8.0 Excellent 461 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map The Fox Hotel & Suites with both hotel rooms and suites, offers the perfect stay to any traveler. We include the extras in your stay. Enjoy daily continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, access to a hot pool and fitness room, and complimentary parking (first come). They have spacious suites with living rooms, air conditioning, and kitchen nook which includes a microwave, mini fridge, sink, toaster, and dishes. Hotel rooms are available for the traveler looking for the basics. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Banff Hotels closest to Sunshine Mountain Lodge Banff Boutique Inn 9.0 Excellent 121 Cave Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 11.5 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern inn is the perfect choice for a peaceful stay. It is also within walking distance of Banff's popular tourist spots. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals The Rimrock Resort Hotel 8.5 Excellent 300 Moutain Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 11.7 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this modern resort is the perfect choice for a relaxing retreat. Popular amenities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Banff. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals The Juniper Hotel 7.9 Good 1 Juniper Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 11.8 km from current hotel Located in Banff National Park, this trendy hotel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It presents views of Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site, and overlooks the mountains. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals Bow View Lodge 7.2 Good 228 Bow Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 11.9 km from current hotel Situated in Banff National Park, this charming hotel is the perfect base for a scenic retreat. It is located in Banff, surrounded by a variety of popular shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Banff Railway Station. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Banff hotels Hi Banff Alpine Centre 7.9 Good 801 Hidden Ridge Way, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this charming hostel is the perfect base for a relaxing retreat. It also offers ski passes, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Banff International Hostel 7.6 Good 449 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Within a 20-minute walk from Banff Railway Station, the hostel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Banff. It is the perfect base for those wanting to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Banff 7.8 Good 433 Banff Avenue, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this luxury hostel is the perfect choice for a scenic stay. It is also moments from Banff's well-known tourist spots. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Lodge Bed And Breakfast 9.6 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Bed and Breakfast is a comfortable base while visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Banff Recommended hotels Holiday Lodge Cabins 9.5 Excellent 311 Marten Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Holiday Lodge Cabins provides a comfortable base when in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is an excellent base for those wanting to immerse themselves in nature, with Banff National Park just moments away. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Mountain View Bed & Breakfast 9.1 Excellent 347 Grizzly Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Mountain View Bed & Breakfast Banff is a comfortable base while in Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those looking to get back to nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good 700 Tunnel Mountain Road, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Set in Banff National Park, this peaceful hotel is the perfect choice for a relaxing stay. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool, ensure a satisfying stay in Banff. C$ 175 Avg. per night View Deals Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast 9.0 Excellent 137 Muskrat Street, Banff, AB, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Banff, AB, Canada Blue Mountain Lodge Bed & Breakfast provides a comfortable setting when visiting Banff and is close to everything the area has to offer. It is the perfect base for those wishing to be surrounded by nature, with Banff National Park just steps away. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sunshine Mountain Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 272 verified guest reviews 8.6Couples 8.7Families 8.6Friends 7.1Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sunshine Mountain Lodge All photos (60) Bedroom (19) Bathroom (13) Other (7) Living room (5) Where is Sunshine Mountain Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Mount Norquay10.6 km Sulphur Mountain11.5 km Upper Hot Springs11.6 km Banff Cascades of Time Gardens11.9 km Banff Park Museum12.0 km Banff Springs Golf Club14.0 km Getting Around Banff Luxton Museum South11.7 km Banff Mountain Ave11.7 km Banff Ywca11.9 km Banff Elkhorn Lodge12.0 km Banff Fairmont Banff Springs12.0 km Banff Banff, Ab12.1 km FAQs when booking at Sunshine Mountain Lodge How close is Sunshine Mountain Lodge from the Banff city center? Sunshine Mountain Lodge is 12.2 km away from Banff. Consider visiting Banff Park Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sunshine Mountain Lodge by various forms of transportation. Does Sunshine Mountain Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sunshine Mountain Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sunshine Mountain Lodge? Yes, there is a gym available to Sunshine Mountain Lodge guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Sunshine Mountain Lodge? Sunshine Mountain Lodge has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Sunshine Mountain Lodge, Banff? A good deal at Sunshine Mountain Lodge right now is between C$ 306 and C$ 347 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Sunshine Mountain Lodge? There is a restaurant located in Sunshine Mountain Lodge. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The rental also has a bar. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Banff Hotels 120 Sunshine Mountain Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
