https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sunset_Inn_Niagara_Falls_City.htm
Sunset Inn, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Sunset Inn Sunset Inn Inn 5803 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 626 reviews 7.3 C$ 78 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sunset Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sunset Inn Sunset Inn Niagara Falls City is situated in Niagara Falls City and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. A 24-hour reception and an expres... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.1 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport St Catharines Distance to airport 13.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 354 7513 All policies Amenities at Sunset Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Family rooms Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Clothes rack Trash cans TV Free parking Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Fax Currency exchange on-site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Sunset Inn Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Sunset Inn Niagara Falls Courtside Inn 5.3 Okay 5640 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Falls Courtside Inn is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Diplomat Inn 6.6 Good 5983 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Diplomat Inn is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to local attractions, such as Niagara Falls and Queen Victoria Park. It also offers a currency exchange, an outdoor pool and luggage storage. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Falls Lodge and Suites 7.0 Good Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Falls Inn & Suites is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, including Queen Victoria Park and Niagara Falls. It provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada By Wyndham Niagara Falls Near The Falls 7.5 Good 5706 Ferry Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Ramada by Wyndham Niagara Falls Near the Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and is close to Horseshoe Falls. It also offers a heated pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sunset Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 626 verified guest reviews 7.5Solo 7.5Friends 7.4Families 7.2Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sunset Inn All photos (27) Other (7) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (4) Pool (3) Where is Sunset Inn Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Falls Tower0.6 km Skylon Tower0.7 km Niagara SkyWheel0.8 km Queen Victoria Park0.8 km Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort1.0 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.1 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.0 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.1 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.4 km Niagara Falls2.7 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.6 km FAQs when booking at Sunset Inn Is pricing at Sunset Inn comparable to 1 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Hotels in Niagara Falls that are rated 1 star generally cost C$ 87/night, but on average, Sunset Inn is available for 34% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Sunset Inn for C$ 77/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Niagara Falls. Is Sunset Inn considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Sunset Inn during their stay. Is there a pool at Sunset Inn? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Niagara Falls often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Sunset Inn for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Sunset Inn from the Niagara Falls city center? Sunset Inn is 0.9 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Sunset Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the Sunset Inn phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 905 354 7513. Does Sunset Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sunset Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Sunset Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Sunset Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Sunset Inn, Niagara Falls? Sunset Inn room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 77/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 48/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. How far is Sunset Inn from Skylon Tower? Sunset Inn is a walkable distance (0.7 km) from Skylon Tower, Niagara Falls. Is Sunset Inn close to Marineland? Marineland is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 3 km from Sunset Inn. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Sunset Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
