https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sunset_Inn_and_Suites.htm
Sunset Inn And Suites, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sunset Inn And Suites Sunset Inn And Suites Hotel 1111 Burnaby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 928 reviews 8.4 C$ 166 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Sunset Inn And Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Sunset Inn And Suites Located in Vancouver, Sunset Inn and Suites provides complimentary wireless internet and a gym. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. Those staying at Sunse... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 688 2474 All policies Amenities at Sunset Inn And Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Dining room Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Blu-ray player Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Children's high chair City view Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table DVD player Show more Activities Beach access Books, DVDs, music for children Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Multi-lingual staff Key access 24-hour security Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Sunset Inn And Suites Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Sunset Inn And Suites Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie 7.3 Good 1160 Davie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie provides trendy 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown 8.7 Excellent 1234 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It has a spa, as well as a heated pool, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals The Burrard 8.2 Excellent 1100 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It has a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre 8.3 Excellent 1000 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre provides easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is a convenient base for exploring local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Sunset Inn And Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 928 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.6Solo 8.4Couples 8.4Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Sunset Inn And Suites All photos (37) Bedroom (6) Living room (6) Bathroom (5) Balcony (3) Where is Sunset Inn And Suites Most Popular Landmarks Granville Island Public Market0.9 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.1 km False Creek1.1 km BC Place Stadium1.5 km Kitsilano Beach1.5 km Rogers Arena1.7 km Getting Around Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St0.1 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.5 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.8 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St1.0 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.1 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.3 km FAQs when booking at Sunset Inn And Suites How close is Sunset Inn And Suites to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 1.7 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to Sunset Inn And Suites. The average expected drive time from Sunset Inn And Suites to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Sunset Inn And Suites? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Sunset Inn And Suites where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Sunset Inn And Suites from the Vancouver city center? The center of West End, Vancouver, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of Sunset Inn And Suites. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Sunset Inn And Suites using any means of transportation. What is the Sunset Inn And Suites phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 688 2474 to talk to a Sunset Inn And Suites front desk representative. Does Sunset Inn And Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Sunset Inn And Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Sunset Inn And Suites? Yes. You should consider staying at Sunset Inn And Suites if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Sunset Inn And Suites? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Sunset Inn And Suites. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Sunset Inn And Suites, Vancouver? C$ 118 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Sunset Inn And Suites, with average deals around C$ 200 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Sunset Inn And Suites have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Sunset Inn And Suites, Vancouver. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Sunset Inn And Suites from TELUS World of Science? The popular TELUS World of Science is just over 2.2 km from Sunset Inn And Suites. Is Sunset Inn And Suites close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Sunset Inn And Suites to Rogers Arena is 1.7 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Sunset Inn And Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
