https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Super_8_by_Wyndham_Niagara_Falls_North.htm
Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Motel 4009 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 262 reviews 6.4 C$ 67 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Situated in Niagara Falls City, Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North is a short walk from Great Wolf Lodge Water Park and offers an outdoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to d... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 6.4 Nearest airport Niagara Falls Distance to airport 9.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 356 0131 All policies Amenities at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Private pool Enhanced cleaning ATM on-site Radio Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Family rooms Cable or satellite TV Telephone Air-conditioned Toilet Free toiletries All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Heating Shower Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Coffee machine Free parking Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Alarm clock Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Services Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North River Rapids Inn 8.1 Excellent 4029 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Niagara Falls Railway Station, River Rapids Inn provides guests with a convenient base when in Niagara Falls City. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Your Oasis in Niagara Falls Canada 9.4 Excellent Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located within a 10-minute walk of Niagara Transportation Centre, Your Oasis in Niagara Falls Canada is a convenient base when in Niagara Falls City. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Great Wolf Lodge Niagara Falls 8.4 Excellent 3950 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Great Wolf Lodge Resort is an easy drive from Horseshoe Falls and Niagara Falls. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Inn 4249 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Crystal Inn Niagara Falls City is set in Niagara Falls City and is within a 10-minute walk of Niagara Transportation Centre. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.4 OkayBased on 262 verified guest reviews 6.2Friends 6.2Families 6.7Couples 7.4Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date J 7.3 Good John, Apr. 2019 A convenient and affordable stay not to far of a drive from the falls and all the activities at Clifton hill.Quite a walk if walking..Great price for an over night stay in this area. Breakfast basic but adequate A 7.6 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2018 Pleasant enough hotel. Needs some renovation, but overall good for the price. Breakfast is a joke, no room, 2 or 3 tables and ends at 9am. Photos of Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North All photos (28) Bedroom (19) Building (4) Bathroom (2) Lobby (1) Where is Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Most Popular Landmarks Great Wolf Lodge Water Park0.4 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark2.6 km Bird Kingdom2.6 km Casino Niagara2.7 km Rainbow Bridge2.7 km Rainbow Tower2.7 km Getting Around Niagara Falls0.8 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara2.5 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino4.0 km Niagara Falls Table Rock4.3 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW6.6 km FAQs when booking at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Is pricing at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Hotels in Niagara Falls that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 97/night, but on average, Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North is available for 44% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North for C$ 74/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North? Yes, Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 3.6 km away from the front doors of Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Marineland, which you can get to from Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North using any means of transportation. What is the Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North phone number? The best way to contact Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North is by calling +1 905 356 0131. Does Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North? The standard check-out time at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North, Niagara Falls? Usually Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North room prices are around C$ 74/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 46/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North? There is a restaurant located in Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North. Please contact them for kitchen hours. How far is Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North from Skylon Tower? Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North is about 3.5 km from Skylon Tower, one of Niagara Falls’s most popular landmarks. Is Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North close to Niagara Falls Tower? Niagara Falls Tower is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 3.4 km from Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Super 8 by Wyndham Niagara Falls North Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
