https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Swinton_Hotel.htm
Swinton Hotel, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Swinton Hotel Swinton Hotel Hotel 18-24 Swinton Street, London, United Kingdom GoodBased on 2,236 reviews 7.1 C$ 115 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Swinton Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Swinton Hotel Swinton Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in London. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. Swinton Hotel London treats guests to a concierge, a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 24.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 837 1451 All policies Amenities at Swinton Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Terrace/Patio Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Casino Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Swinton Hotel Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Swinton Hotel Clink78 Hostel 78 Kings Cross Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Central London, this modern hostel provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Jesmond Dene Hotel 5.6 Okay 31 Argyle Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Jesmond Dene Hotel is set in Central London and is a short stroll from Camley Street Natural Park and the British Library. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles London Walthamstow 543 - 586 Lea Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 11.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Ibis Styles London Walthamstow Hotel is situated in London and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Swinton Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 2,236 verified guest reviews 7.0Couples 7.1Solo 7.0Families 7.2Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Swinton Hotel All photos (29) Bedroom (18) Bathroom (4) Outdoors view (2) Building (1) Where is Swinton Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Bloomsbury Square1.2 km British Museum1.3 km Oxford Circus2.3 km Leicester Square2.3 km Piccadilly Circus2.5 km Trafalgar Square2.5 km Getting Around London King's Cross0.5 km London St Pancras0.7 km London Russel Square1.0 km London Euston1.1 km London Hilton London Angel Islington1.1 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.4 km FAQs when booking at Swinton Hotel Is pricing at Swinton Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in London? Hotels in London that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 245/night, but on average, Swinton Hotel is available for 60% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Swinton Hotel for C$ 133/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit London. How close is Swinton Hotel to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 24.4 km between Swinton Hotel and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 18m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Swinton Hotel? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Swinton Hotel from the London city center? Swinton Hotel is just 0.6 km away from the center of St. Pancras, London. From Swinton Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the Swinton Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +44 207 837 1451 to talk to a Swinton Hotel front desk representative. Does Swinton Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Swinton Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Swinton Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 2:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Swinton Hotel, London? Swinton Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 133/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 80/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. How far is Swinton Hotel from London Bridge? London Bridge in London is 3.1 km away from Swinton Hotel. Is Swinton Hotel close to Nobu Portman Square? The distance from Swinton Hotel to Nobu Portman Square is 3.2 km. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 Swinton Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
