https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Swissotel_Al_Murooj_Dubai.htm
Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai, Dubai | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Hotel 117546 Al Mustaqbal Steet, Opposite The Dubai Mall, Downtown Dubai Dubai, Uae, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 6,835 reviews 7.6 C$ 217 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Roda Al Murooj Hotel is situated in Dubai and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Dubai Intl Distance to airport 10.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +971 4321 1111 All policies Amenities at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Kids' outdoor play equipment Pay-per-view channels Squash Playground Pool table Outdoor tennis Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Top Dubai hotels Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Located in Dubai, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Ibn Battuta Mall and Dubai Marina. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 7911 square feet (735 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 7.9 Good Tower A, The Walk, Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Our hotel features a private beach and is conveniently located at Dubai Marina, close to world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. For family fun, we offer various on-site activities including snorkeling, swimming, kids club, and a game room. We also guarantee interconnecting rooms upon request for large families and groups. The hotel has 12 award-winning restaurants, a health club, and a spa. Upgrade to a suite overlooking the newly opened Ain Dubai which is just a 10-minute drive away. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map With a stay at Dusit Thani Dubai, you'll be centrally located in Dubai, steps from Sheikh Zayed Road and within a 5-minute drive of Dubai World Trade Centre. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Dubai? This hotel has facilities measuring 17007 square feet (1580 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Avani Deira Dubai Hotel 7.7 Good Abu Baker Al Siddque & Sallahuddin Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map Boasting a private beach and a rooftop pool, Avani Deira Dubai Hotel is a deluxe base in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. This modern hotel offers a number of facilities, including 24-hour room service, babysitting/child services and massage services. There is also free private parking on site for those travelling with a car. The rooms at Avani Deira Dubai Hotel are air-conditioned and include a mini bar, bottled water and tea and coffee making facilities. They come with a desk, prayer mats and an in-room safe. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel's restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and provides a convenient setting for those who wish to stay close to everything the property has to offer. Guests are able to keep up with their favourite sports in the on-site sports bar. A wide variety of dining options are also available nearby. The hotel is an ideal base to discover Dubai Creek, Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall, as well as everything the local area has to offer. It is within walking distance of Al Rigga Metro Station and Salah Al Din Metro Station, which allows for convenient access in and around Dubai. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Dubai Hotels closest to Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Dusit Thani Dubai 8.2 Excellent 133 Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Featuring a rooftop pool and a limousine service, Dusit Thani is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. It also offers a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Carlton Downtown Hotel 7.6 Good Sheikh Zayed Road P.o Box 7143, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Carlton Downtown Hotel is only a five-minute walk from Financial Centre Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and outdoor tennis courts, make for an enjoyable stay in Dubai. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Rose Rayhaan by Rotana 8.0 Excellent Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Center 2,P.O. Box 126452, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Taking out the title of the world's second tallest hotel, Rose Rayhaan by Rotana - Dubai stands 333 metres high with 72 stories, and offers guests a swimming pool and a sauna. It is a short walk from Financial Centre Metro Station, offering guests an ideal base while visiting Dubai. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Gevora Hotel 7.7 Good Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Centre Area, Next to Al Attar Tower, PO Box: 2260, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located in Dubai, Gevora Hotel provides free Wi-Fi and a gym. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Dubai hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Emirates Concorde Hotel & Suites 5.4 Okay Maktoum Street, Riqat Al Buteen - Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai and presenting unique views of Dubai Creek, Emirates Concorde Hotel & Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is surrounded by a variety of popular eateries and is minutes on foot from Al Rigga Metro Station. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Dubai Recommended hotels Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 312 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 6,835 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 7.4Families 7.7Friends 7.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 9.0 Excellent Anonymous, Nov. 2019 this is the second time Ive stayed here. its only a few minutes walk to the Mall and rail. lovely hotel and rooms are a good size. i didnt eat at the hotel this time. I planned to have breakfast there but prices were too expensive with the current exchange rates , instead ate at the mall. Staff were lovely. A 9.3 Excellent Anonymous, Nov. 2019 fully satisfied R 10.0 Excellent Rhonda, May 2018 It was a great experience.The hotel is a beautiful, clean hotel in a great location. The staff are friendly and give premium customer service. A 10.0 Excellent Anas, Jun. 2017 amazing in everything A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, May 2017 Nice location but à bit to old . . A 5.5 Passable Anonymous, Feb. 2017 location is excellent but rooms and toilet need more cleaning and renew A 9.2 Excellent Anonymous, Jan. 2017 the hotel rooms were a little outdated but they were clean and the room amenities (shampoo, conditioner, etc.) were very nice and paraben free! we didn't eat at the hotel so I can't contribute a food review. There is a bar attached called Doubledecker. it was a perfect place for an evening drink. The front desk staff was very nice and quick. We would stay here again with a discount if we return to the area. the location is perfect for tourist attractions like Dubai Mall, Burj Khalifa and other downtown spots. A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Oct. 2016 perfect Photos of Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai All photos (55) Bedroom (12) Outdoors view (7) Other (7) Pool (5) Where is Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Most Popular Landmarks Dubai Mall0.7 km Burj Khalifa0.7 km The Dubai Fountain0.8 km Emirates Towers1.7 km Ibn Battuta Mall23.7 km Meydan Racecourse5.3 km Getting Around Dubai Marina Mall Bus Station19.1 km Dubai Jumeirah Beach30.4 km Dubai Etihad Bus Station5.5 km Dubai Np6.2 km Dubai Hyatt Regency Hotel Bus8.8 km FAQs when booking at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Is pricing at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai comparable to 5 star hotels in Dubai? The average rate for a night at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai is 52% less than the Dubai average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai is typically C$ 305, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Dubai. How close is Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai to the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport? With a distance of 10.3 km between Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai and the nearest airport, Dubai Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 08m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Dubai Intl Airport to Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai? Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Dubai, renting a car for around C$ 61/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Dubai Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Dubai Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai? Yes. Many people visiting Dubai look for a hotel with a pool. Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai from the Dubai city center? The center of DIFC, Dubai, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Gold Souq, which you can get to from Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai using any means of transportation. What is the Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +971 4321 1111 to talk to a Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai front desk representative. Does Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai. What is the check-out time at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai, Dubai? Prices at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 305, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 100. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai? Yes - Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai, Dubai. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai from Dubai Mall? You can walk to Dubai Mall while staying at Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai - you’ll be about 0.7 km away. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,489 Dubai Hotels 12,316 Dubai Hotels 12,295 Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
