https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Temptation_Resort_Spa_Cancun.htm
Temptation Cancun Resort, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Temptation Cancun Resort Temptation Cancun Resort Resort Boulevard Kukulcan K.M. 3.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 740 reviews 8.2 C$ 448 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Temptation Cancun Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Temptation Cancun Resort Situated in Cancun, Temptation Resort Spa Cancun offers relaxed adults-only accommodation. It has a gym, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. There are a variety of facilities a... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.9 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 15.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 848 7900 All policies Amenities at Temptation Cancun Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Steam room Night club Private parking Free valet parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Adapter Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Enhanced cleaning Balcony Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Evening entertainment Fitness centre Playground Pool table Water sport facilities (on site) Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Temptation Cancun Resort Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Temptation Cancun Resort Ocean Spa Hotel 2.0 Mediocre Blvd Kukulcan Km 3.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and a private beach, Ocean Spa Hotel All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and provides modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 262 Avg. per night View Deals Occidental Costa Cancún 8.0 Excellent Boulevard Kukulcan, Km. 4,5 | Cancún, Quintana Roo, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It provides a day spa, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and a beauty centre. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Palm 7.4 Good Blvd. Kukulcan Km 4.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Boasting outdoor tennis courts and a private beach, Oasis Palm - All Inclusive is a luxurious place to stay in Cancun. It has a day spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 238 Avg. per night View Deals The Royal Cancun - All Suites Resort 8.6 Excellent Kukulcan Boulevard Km 4.5 Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 30-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor heated pool and a private beach. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a kids club, an all-inclusive meal plan and free Wi-Fi. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Temptation Cancun Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 740 verified guest reviews 9.3Families 7.8Solo 8.2Couples 8.2Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Temptation Cancun Resort All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Other (8) Pool (6) Restaurant (6) Where is Temptation Cancun Resort Most Popular Landmarks Puerto Cancun2.1 km Playa Tortugas2.6 km Playa Gaviota Azul5.1 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun9.2 km Playa Delfines9.8 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Nautilus0.1 km Cancún Tortugas Beach1.0 km Cancún Finest Playa Mujeres Resort10.8 km Cancún Royal Solaris10.9 km Cancún The Westin Resort & Spa12.1 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach13.0 km FAQs when booking at Temptation Cancun Resort How close is Temptation Cancun Resort to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With a distance of 15.2 km between Temptation Cancun Resort and the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 11m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Temptation Cancun Resort? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 20/day and parking it at Temptation Cancun Resort where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Temptation Cancun Resort guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Cancún. Is there a pool at Temptation Cancun Resort? Yes. Many people visiting Cancún look for a hotel with a pool. Temptation Cancun Resort has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Temptation Cancun Resort from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 3.8 km away from the front doors of Temptation Cancun Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Temptation Cancun Resort using any means of transportation. What is the Temptation Cancun Resort phone number? The best way to contact Temptation Cancun Resort is by calling +52 998 848 7900. Does Temptation Cancun Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Temptation Cancun Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Temptation Cancun Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Temptation Cancun Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Temptation Cancun Resort? Temptation Cancun Resort has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Temptation Cancun Resort, Cancún? On average, guests have been paying C$ 584 per night to stay at Temptation Cancun Resort. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 239 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Temptation Cancun Resort? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Temptation Cancun Resort, Cancún. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Temptation Cancun Resort have a laundry service? Temptation Cancun Resort does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Temptation Cancun Resort from Plaza de Toros? You can walk to Plaza de Toros while staying at Temptation Cancun Resort - you’ll be about 3 km away. Is Temptation Cancun Resort close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? Walking distance - there’s 3.3 km between Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book and Temptation Cancun Resort. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Temptation Cancun Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
