https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Terrass_Hotel_Montmartre.htm
Terrass Hotel, Paris | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Terrass Hotel Terrass Hotel Hotel 12-14 Rue Joseph de Maistre, Paris, France ExcellentBased on 1,020 reviews 8.8 C$ 217 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Terrass Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Terrass Hotel Situated in Paris, Terrass' Hotel Montmartre provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop terrace. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. Porters, luggag... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.2 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Paris Charles de Gaulle Distance to airport 21.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +33 1 46 06 72 85 All policies Amenities at Terrass Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Massage Library Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Hammam (Turkish bath) Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Terrass Hotel Top Paris hotels Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris 9.3 Excellent 31 Avenue George V, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Hotel George V, you'll be centrally located in Paris, steps from Avenue Montaigne and 5 minutes by foot from Champs-Elysees. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Paris? This palace has facilities measuring 13388 square feet (1244 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 2,622 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. After appreciating views of Seine, the Musee du Louvre and Eiffel Tower, guests can enjoy amenities such as a sauna and massage services. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, around the clock reception and a meeting room. A well-equipped gym is also available. Shangri-La Paris has 34 rooms that are fitted with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Those staying at the hotel can relax at the in-house bar, conveniently situated for socialising in the evening. There is a variety of breakfast options on offer every morning. Shangri-La Paris is close to Trocadero Metro Station, making it easy for guests to explore Paris and its surrounding areas. Theatre des Champs-Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Champ de Mars are each within walking distance. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel 7.7 Good 4 Rue Du Mont Thabor, Paris, France Show on map Bask in the lavish lifestyle of our boutique hotel Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel in the heart of downtown Paris. Our luxury hotel is just a few steps away from the vast assortment of world-class boutiques in the shopping district and only one block from Place Vendome. We are also a short distance from the Louvre Museum, the Opera Garnier and the Tuileries Garden. Our trendy hotel features a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and a Mediterranean restaurant with a unique, festive ambiance. If you're visiting Paris for a business meeting or a social gathering, plan your event in our sleek, adaptable venues. All of our beautifully appointed hotel rooms feature sophisticated Parisian touches with modern amenities.When extra space is needed, upgrade to one of our trendy hotel suites. 5 Star luxury boutique awaits you at Renaissance Paris Vendome Hotel. C$ 605 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel Ami 8.5 Excellent 7-11 Rue Saint Benoit, Paris, France Show on map With a stay at Hotel Bel Ami, you'll be centrally located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Louvre Museum and 11 minutes by foot from Le Bon Marche. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Paris? This hotel features 2367 square feet (220 square meters) of event facilities. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Paris Hotels closest to Terrass Hotel Hotel Le Ballu 9.2 Excellent 30 Rue Ballu, Paris, France Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Providing an indoor pool and a sauna, Hotel Le Ballu is located in Paris and is a short stroll from Place de Clichy and the Moulin Rouge. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Le Village Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.9 Good 20 Rue d'Orsel, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This Paris hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Barbes-Rochechouart Metro Station. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Art Hotel Batignolles 110 Rue Legendre, Paris, France Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated within a 10-minute walk of Place de Clichy Metro Station, Art Hotel Batignolles is a convenient base when visiting Paris. The various amenities this unique hotel has to offer include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.5 Good 37, Bd Rochechouart, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from current hotel Le Regent Montmartre by Hiphophostels is set in Paris and is a short walk from Paris North Railway Station. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Paris hotels Hotel Opera Cadet 24 Rue Cadet, Paris, France Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in Paris, Hotel Opera Cadet is a five-minute walk from the Folies Bergere and features a sauna and free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hotel offers include a 24-hour reception, babysitting/child services and meeting rooms. C$ 20 Avg. per night View Deals Jacobs Inn Hostel 122 Boulevard De La Chapelle, Paris, France Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Paris, France Jacobs Inn Hostel is located in Paris and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Peace & Love Hostel 6.1 Good 245 Rue La Fayette, Paris, France Show on map 3.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Peace & Love Hostel offers charming accommodation in Paris and is within walking distance of East Railway Station. It is situated just a short stroll from a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal 7.3 Good 159 Rue De Crimee, Paris, France Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Paris, France St Christopher's Inn Paris - Canal is situated in Paris and offers free wireless internet. The numerous amenities this modern hostel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Paris Recommended hotels Hôtel Bleu de Grenelle 8.9 Excellent 140-142 Boulevard de Grenelle, Paris, France Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Paris, France Located in 15th arrondissement - Porte de Versailles, this charming hotel offers guests an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 233 Avg. per night View Deals Drawing Hotel 8.7 Excellent 17 rue Richelieu, Paris, France Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Paris. Guests can also enjoy free internet in all areas. C$ 309 Avg. per night View Deals Little Palace Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4 Rue Salomon De Caus, Paris, France Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Paris, France Set in the heart of Paris, Little Palace Hotel is a short walk from Reaumur Sebastopol Metro Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Shangri-La Paris 9.0 Excellent 10 Avenue d'Iena, Paris, France Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Paris, France Conveniently situated, Shangri-La Paris allows for easy access to Paris's best tourist attractions. Offering complimentary wireless internet, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Palais de Chaillot, the Pont de l'Alma and Trocadero. C$ 1,847 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Terrass Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,020 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.9Families 8.6Solo 9.1Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Terrass Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Bathroom (11) Other (10) Bar (4) Where is Terrass Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Cimetière de Montmartre0.3 km Galeries Lafayette1.4 km Champs-Elysées2.5 km Louvre Museum2.9 km Arc De Triomphe3.1 km Le Bar du Plaza Athenee3.1 km Getting Around Paris Clichy/Caulaincourt0.2 km Paris Place de Clichy0.6 km Paris Saint-Lazare1.3 km Paris Point Cardinet1.4 km Paris Haussmann Saint-Lazare1.5 km Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles1.5 km FAQs when booking at Terrass Hotel Is pricing at Terrass Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Paris? The average rate for a night at Terrass Hotel is 29% less than the Paris average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Terrass Hotel is typically C$ 329, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Paris. How close is Terrass Hotel to the nearest airport, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? At 21.2 km away, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the closest airport to Terrass Hotel. The average expected drive time from Terrass Hotel to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Terrass Hotel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Terrass Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Paris. Is Terrass Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Terrass Hotel. How close is Terrass Hotel from the Paris city center? Terrass Hotel is 0.4 km away from the center of 18th arrondissement, Paris. Consider visiting AccorHotels Arena, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Terrass Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Terrass Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +33 1 46 06 72 85. Does Terrass Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Terrass Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Terrass Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Terrass Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Terrass Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Terrass Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Terrass Hotel, Paris? Prices at Terrass Hotel will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 329, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 166. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Terrass Hotel? Terrass Hotel does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Terrass Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Terrass Hotel. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Terrass Hotel from Champs-Elysées? Champs-Elysées in Paris is 2.5 km away from Terrass Hotel. Is Terrass Hotel close to Louvre Museum? If you want to see Louvre Museum while visiting Paris, Terrass Hotel is just 2.9 km away. Home France Hotels 412,647 Ile-de-France Hotels 23,293 Paris Hotels 13,935 Terrass Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
