https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Manhattan_at_Times_Square_Hotel.htm
The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel The Manhattan at Times Square Hotel 790 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States OkayBased on 4,492 reviews 5.5 C$ 167 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Situated in Manhattan, The Manhattan at Times Square Hotel offers 4-star accommodation and a concierge, a coffee bar and free Wi-Fi. It is located a short stroll from The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefe... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 5.5 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 581 3300 All policies Amenities at The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Tablet Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 409 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 809 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 668 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 327 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel 7.6 Good 811 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This contemporary hotel is located in Manhattan, and offers a sauna, an express check-in and check-out feature and valet parking. It is situated a short walk from Times Square, The Museum of Modern Art and Rockefeller Center. C$ 311 Avg. per night View Deals M Social Hotel Times Square New York 8.4 Excellent 226 West 52nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway, M Social Hotel Times Square New York offers guests a convenient base while visiting New York City. It boasts views of Times Square and Broadway and provides a wide range of amenities, such as a rooftop terrace, an express check-in and check-out feature and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 255 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad New York Midtown 8.4 Excellent 151 W 54th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, Conrad New York Midtown offers luxury accommodation with state-of-the-art amenities. It is moments from the New York City Center and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 603 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South 7.1 Good 237 West 54th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is moments away from the New York City Center. It is located a short stroll from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 479 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.5 PassableBased on 4,492 verified guest reviews 5.8Friends 5.5Families 5.9Couples 5.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date I 3.5 Poor isabella916, Oct. 2018 bed sheets with blood hair dryer is too old and handle is sticky Bedside light cannot turn off Wash basin water leak Toilet mirror is about to tear off No security check LG tV signal is very weak. TV news is always intermittent unreasonable facility fee C 7.9 Good Chris, Apr. 2017 The hotel is in a great location. It's a few blocks from Times Square in one direction and a few blocks from Central Park in the other direction. The staff were friendly and helpful. Beyond that, the hotel itself needs work. The bathroom was clean but needs updating. The rug in the room needs to be replaced. Wallpaper, artwork, furniture all look like they have been there for many, many years. Most newer hotels have a refrigerator in the room. We had to request one, and there was an additional fee. A 7.5 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2016 Some things in room didn't work, like the TV, clock and a floor lamp. Paint cracking off walls. Check in staff were wonderful- friendly and accommodating. Photos of The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel All photos (52) Bedroom (17) Living room (8) Bathroom (5) Building (4) Where is The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Broadway0.2 km Times Square0.4 km Carnegie Hall0.4 km Bryant Park1.0 km Grand Central Terminal1.1 km Chrysler Building1.3 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.1 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.8 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.9 km New York Port Authority0.9 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.9 km FAQs when booking at The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Is pricing at The Manhattan at Times Square comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? The average rate for a night at The Manhattan at Times Square is 45% less than the New York average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Manhattan at Times Square is typically C$ 344, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in New York. How close is The Manhattan at Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.9 km drive between The Manhattan at Times Square and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Manhattan at Times Square? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Manhattan at Times Square from the New York city center? The Manhattan at Times Square is just 0.2 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. From The Manhattan at Times Square you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the The Manhattan at Times Square phone number? The best way to contact The Manhattan at Times Square is by calling +1 212 581 3300. Does The Manhattan at Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Manhattan at Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Manhattan at Times Square? Yes, there is a gym available to The Manhattan at Times Square guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Manhattan at Times Square? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at The Manhattan at Times Square, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Manhattan at Times Square, New York? Prices at The Manhattan at Times Square will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 344, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 73. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Does The Manhattan at Times Square have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Manhattan at Times Square that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Manhattan at Times Square from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at The Manhattan at Times Square - you’ll be about 0.5 km away. Is The Manhattan at Times Square close to Times Square? Times Square is also a popular place to see in New York. It is 0.4 km from The Manhattan at Times Square. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Manhattan At Times Square Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
