https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Sonata_Inn.htm
The Sonata Inn, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Sonata Inn The Sonata Inn Inn 3 Grafton St, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 440 reviews 8.9 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Sonata Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Sonata Inn The Sonata Inn is situated in Charlottetown and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. This 3-star inn offers laundry facilities, room servi... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 6.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 370 0066 All policies Amenities at The Sonata Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Family rooms Linens Towels Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk DVD player Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to The Sonata Inn Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to The Sonata Inn The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The Harbour House is situated in Charlottetown and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a Jacuzzi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Dundee Arms Inn 8.4 Excellent 200 Pownal Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Dundee Arms Inn is set in Charlottetown and is close to local attractions, including St. Dunstan's Basilica, Government House and Province House. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Rodd Charlottetown offers elegant accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Fitzroy Hall 8.8 Excellent 45 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Fitzroy Hall offers 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Guests can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 197 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Sonata Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 440 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.9Families 9.2Friends 9.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Sonata Inn All photos (28) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (3) Building (2) Front desk (2) Where is The Sonata Inn Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.1 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.4 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.9 km FAQs when booking at The Sonata Inn Is pricing at The Sonata Inn comparable to 3 star hotels in Charlottetown? In Charlottetown, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 171. The expected nightly rate for The Sonata Inn is around C$ 97; a price that is 58% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Sonata Inn to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Charlottetown. How close is The Sonata Inn to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? At just 6.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, to The Sonata Inn is 0h 04m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to The Sonata Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Charlottetown, consider renting a car for about C$ 59/day and parking it at The Sonata Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Sonata Inn from the Charlottetown city center? The Sonata Inn is just 0.8 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from The Sonata Inn, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the The Sonata Inn phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 902 370 0066. Does The Sonata Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Sonata Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Sonata Inn? The Sonata Inn check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Sonata Inn, Charlottetown? A good deal at The Sonata Inn right now is between C$ 68 and C$ 97 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does The Sonata Inn have a laundry service? The Sonata Inn does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Sonata Inn from Confederation Centre of the Arts? The Sonata Inn is a walkable distance (0.5 km) from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Charlottetown. Is The Sonata Inn close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation is also a popular place to see in Charlottetown. It is 0.1 km from The Sonata Inn. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Sonata Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
