https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Glengate_Hotel_Suites.htm
The Glengate Hotel & Suites, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 The Glengate Hotel & Suites The Glengate Hotel & Suites Hotel 5534 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 2,114 reviews 7.3 C$ 63 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Glengate Hotel & Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Glengate Hotel & Suites The Glengate Hotel & Suites offers a comfortable setting when in Niagara Falls City. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. A 24-hour recept... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Niagara Falls Distance to airport 11.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 357 1333 All policies Amenities at The Glengate Hotel & Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Elevator Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Shampoo Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed No smoking Balcony Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private parking Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Multi-lingual staff Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to The Glengate Hotel & Suites Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 164 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to The Glengate Hotel & Suites Niagara Falls Courtside Inn 5.3 Okay 5640 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Falls Courtside Inn is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Scottish Inn & Suites Falls Way 7.5 Good 5265 Lorne Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Niagara Falls City, Scottish Inn Near the Falls and Casino is a short walk from the Niagara SkyWheel and features free Wi-Fi, outdoor tennis courts and a swimming pool. The various facilities this art deco motel offers include a playground, squash courts and a concierge. C$ 85 Avg. per night View Deals Sunset Inn 7.3 Good 5803 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Sunset Inn Niagara Falls City is situated in Niagara Falls City and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and a sauna, Sterling Inn & Spa is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides luxury accommodation. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 97 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Glengate Hotel & Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 2,106 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 7.4Friends 7.6Solo 7.3Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Glengate Hotel & Suites All photos (23) Bedroom (5) Building (4) Buffet (3) Bathroom (2) Where is The Glengate Hotel & Suites Most Popular Landmarks Niagara SkyWheel0.9 km Niagara Falls Tower1.0 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.1 km Skylon Tower1.1 km Queen Victoria Park1.1 km Casino Niagara1.2 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.0 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.5 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.8 km Niagara Falls2.4 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.9 km FAQs when booking at The Glengate Hotel & Suites Is pricing at The Glengate Hotel & Suites comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? In Niagara Falls, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 103. The expected nightly rate for The Glengate Hotel & Suites is around C$ 68; a price that is 51% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Glengate Hotel & Suites to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Niagara Falls. How close is The Glengate Hotel & Suites from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 1.3 km away from the front doors of The Glengate Hotel & Suites. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Niagara Falls Tower, which you can get to from The Glengate Hotel & Suites using any means of transportation. What is the The Glengate Hotel & Suites phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Glengate Hotel & Suites at +1 905 357 1333. Does The Glengate Hotel & Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Glengate Hotel & Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Glengate Hotel & Suites? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Glengate Hotel & Suites, Niagara Falls? Usually The Glengate Hotel & Suites room prices are around C$ 68/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 46/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. How far is The Glengate Hotel & Suites from Skylon Tower? The Glengate Hotel & Suites is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 1.1 km away. Is The Glengate Hotel & Suites close to Marineland? If you want to see Marineland while visiting Niagara Falls, The Glengate Hotel & Suites is just 3.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 The Glengate Hotel & Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
