https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Times_Hotel_Amsterdam.htm
The Times Hotel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 The Times Hotel The Times Hotel Hotel Herengracht 137, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 1,713 reviews 8.3 C$ 187 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Times Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Times Hotel Set in the heart of the city, The Times Hotel Amsterdam provides easy access to Amsterdam's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It is situated a brief walk from Royal Palace at Dam Square, the Anne F... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 203 306 030 All policies Amenities at The Times Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Delivered food is securely covered Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to The Times Hotel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to The Times Hotel Budget Hotel Tourist Inn 7.6 Good Spuistraat 52, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Budget Hotel Tourist Inn is set centrally in Amsterdam and is within a 10-minute walk of Amsterdam Centraal Railway Station, Dam Square and Royal Palace at Dam Square. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 45 Avg. per night View Deals INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery 8.7 Excellent Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 67, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently positioned, INK Hotel Amsterdam - MGallery allows for easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing areas. Only a short walk from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides modern rooms equipped with free wireless internet access, a mini bar and slippers. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Di-Ann City Centre Hotel 5.8 Okay Raadhuisstraat 27, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Hotel DiAnn offers easy access to Amsterdam's main sightseeing and retail areas. Only a short stroll from Royal Palace at Dam Square, it provides cosy rooms equipped with a refrigerator, wireless internet access and a private bathroom. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Westcord City Centre Hotel Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 50, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, WestCord City Centre Hotel provides easy access to Amsterdam's main shopping and sightseeing areas. It offers 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Times Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,713 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.2Couples 8.2Solo 8.3Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date J 9.0 Excellent Jin*, Sep. 2019 Location was fairly okay. But quite area. And other things were all great Photos of The Times Hotel All photos (51) Bedroom (17) Room amenity (12) Other (6) Bathroom (4) Where is The Times Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Anne Frank Huis0.3 km Royal Palace Amsterdam0.3 km Westerpark1.4 km NEMO1.6 km Rijksmuseum1.8 km Heineken Experience2.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam Dam0.3 km Amsterdam W Hotel0.3 km Amsterdam Raadhuisstraat0.3 km Amsterdam Nieuwezijds Kolk0.3 km Amsterdam Oudezijds Voorburgwal0.6 km Amsterdam Singel0.6 km FAQs when booking at The Times Hotel Is pricing at The Times Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Amsterdam? Nightly rates at The Times Hotel will generally be 23% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Amsterdam. When staying at The Times Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 264/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Amsterdam for a 3-stars hotel. How close is The Times Hotel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 11.2 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to The Times Hotel. The average expected drive time from The Times Hotel to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 08m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to The Times Hotel? The Times Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Amsterdam, renting a car for around C$ 42/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Times Hotel from the Amsterdam city center? The Times Hotel is just 0.1 km away from the center of Grachtengordel-West, Amsterdam. From The Times Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rijksmuseum. What is the The Times Hotel phone number? The best way to contact The Times Hotel is by calling +31 203 306 030. Does The Times Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Times Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Times Hotel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at The Times Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Times Hotel, Amsterdam? Usually The Times Hotel room prices are around C$ 264/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 102/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Times Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Times Hotel, Amsterdam. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does The Times Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Times Hotel, Amsterdam. How far is The Times Hotel from Van Gogh Museum? Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam is 2 km away from The Times Hotel. Is The Times Hotel close to Anne Frank Huis? The distance from The Times Hotel to Anne Frank Huis is 0.3 km. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 The Times Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
