https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Belvedere_Hotel.htm
The Belvedere Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 The Belvedere Hotel The Belvedere Hotel Hotel 319 West 48th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 3,381 reviews 8.1 C$ 194 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Belvedere Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Belvedere Hotel The Belvedere Hotel provides an elegant base while in New York City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It offers 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. This sophistic... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 245 7000 All policies Amenities at The Belvedere Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Raised toilet Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to The Belvedere Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 409 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 810 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 668 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 356 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Belvedere Hotel Hilton Garden Inn Times Square 7.6 Good 790 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. It provides good-value accommodation with free Wi-Fi access. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Paramount Times Square 6.6 Good 235 West 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Paramount Times Square offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist hot spots and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Edison Times Square 7.4 Good 228 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This art deco hotel is in Manhattan, only a five-minute walk to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals Row NYC 5.8 Okay 700 8th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set on the doorstep of Times Square in Manhattan’s vibrant Theater District, Row NYC Hotel offers chic accommodation and a range of 24-hour amenities, including an internet lounge, concierge service and the Iconic M one-stop shop. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 1,587 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 395 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Belvedere Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 3,381 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 8.0Solo 8.2Friends 8.0Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Alice, Nov. 2017 beautifully updated classic hotel. comfortable, clean, good lighting, plenty of outlets, great location Photos of The Belvedere Hotel All photos (42) Bedroom (17) Conference room (5) Restaurant (4) Room amenity (3) Where is The Belvedere Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Broadway0.3 km Times Square0.4 km Carnegie Hall0.8 km Bryant Park1.1 km Madison Square Garden1.3 km Grand Central Terminal1.3 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.4 km New York Port Authority0.5 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.5 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.7 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.0 km New York 201 West 37th St1.0 km FAQs when booking at The Belvedere Hotel Is pricing at The Belvedere Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Nightly rates at The Belvedere Hotel will generally be 36% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in New York. When staying at The Belvedere Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 377/night, which is considered to be a good deal in New York for a 4-stars hotel. How close is The Belvedere Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and The Belvedere Hotel is 22.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 17m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Belvedere Hotel? The Belvedere Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in New York, renting a car for around C$ 50/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Belvedere Hotel from the New York city center? The center of Manhattan, New York, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of The Belvedere Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from The Belvedere Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the The Belvedere Hotel phone number? For questions about The Belvedere Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 245 7000. Does The Belvedere Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Belvedere Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Belvedere Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to The Belvedere Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Belvedere Hotel? The Belvedere Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Belvedere Hotel, New York? On average, guests have been paying C$ 377 per night to stay at The Belvedere Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 109 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Belvedere Hotel? Yes - The Belvedere Hotel does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does The Belvedere Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Belvedere Hotel, New York. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is The Belvedere Hotel from Rockefeller Center? You can walk to Rockefeller Center while staying at The Belvedere Hotel - you’ll be about 0.8 km away. Is The Belvedere Hotel close to Times Square? The distance from The Belvedere Hotel to Times Square is 0.4 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 The Belvedere Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
