https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Orleans_Hotel_Casino.htm
The Orleans Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 The Orleans Hotel & Casino The Orleans Hotel & Casino Hotel 4500 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 200 reviews 7.5 C$ 79 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Orleans Hotel & Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Orleans Hotel & Casino Situated just a short stroll from Orleans Arena, this themed hotel offers both a restaurant and a bar. Popular facilities, such as a bowling alley and an outdoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Las ... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.0 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 365 7111 All policies Amenities at The Orleans Hotel & Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General No smoking Restaurant Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Gift shop EV charging station Air-conditioned Safe Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Deadbolt locks Coffee shop Child pool Outdoor pool Show more Activities Fitness centre Bowling Game room Playground Services Beauty salon Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to The Orleans Hotel & Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to The Orleans Hotel & Casino Tahiti All-Suite Resort 8.3 Excellent 5101 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Tahiti Vacation Club is located in Las Vegas and is close to Palms Casino Resort. It also offers an outdoor pool, a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Club de Soleil All-Suite Resort 7.7 Good 5625 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Club de Soleil is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center 8.9 Excellent 4920 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas City Center provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Orleans Hotel & Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 200 verified guest reviews 6.4Solo 5.9Friends 6.9Families 6.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date W 8.1 Great William , Mar. 2018 good overall J 9.4 Excellent Jeanne, Feb. 2018 We really enjoyed our stay, the wi-fi did not work well Photos of The Orleans Hotel & Casino All photos (43) Bedroom (10) Living room (6) Restaurant (5) Bar (4) Where is The Orleans Hotel & Casino Most Popular Landmarks Sam's Town12.5 km TPC Summerlin12.9 km T-Mobile Arena2.1 km Shark Reef Aquarium2.6 km Crystals at City Center2.7 km Fountains of Bellagio2.8 km Getting Around Las Vegas Greyhound North12.8 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd18.1 km Las Vegas Lds Temple18.3 km Las Vegas Excalibur2.3 km Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza2.8 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio2.8 km FAQs when booking at The Orleans Hotel & Casino How close is The Orleans Hotel & Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At just 4.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to The Orleans Hotel & Casino is 0h 03m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to The Orleans Hotel & Casino? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at The Orleans Hotel & Casino where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Orleans Hotel & Casino guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is there a pool at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Las Vegas often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Orleans Hotel & Casino for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Orleans Hotel & Casino from the Las Vegas city center? The center of West of The Strip, Las Vegas, is just 1.7 km away from the front doors of The Orleans Hotel & Casino. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Thomas and Mack Center, which you can get to from The Orleans Hotel & Casino using any means of transportation. What is the The Orleans Hotel & Casino phone number? The best way to contact The Orleans Hotel & Casino is by calling +1 702 365 7111. Does The Orleans Hotel & Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Orleans Hotel & Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Yes, there is a gym available to The Orleans Hotel & Casino guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? The Orleans Hotel & Casino has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Orleans Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas? A good deal at The Orleans Hotel & Casino right now is between C$ 9 and C$ 191 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Orleans Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. How far is The Orleans Hotel & Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? The popular Fountains of Bellagio is just over 2.8 km from The Orleans Hotel & Casino. Is The Orleans Hotel & Casino close to Colosseum at Caesars Palace? The Orleans Hotel & Casino is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Colosseum at Caesars Palace, which is 3 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 The Orleans Hotel & Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
