https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Clarence_Park.htm
The Clarence Park, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Clarence Park The Clarence Park Hostel 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,868 reviews 7.7 C$ 60 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Clarence Park Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Clarence Park The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. There are a variety of... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 7.7 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 591 7387 All policies Amenities at The Clarence Park Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Earplugs Window Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Fold-up bed Garden view Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Privacy curtain Private bathroom Kitchen Private entrance Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Reading light Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Oven First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Washing machine Show more Activities Beach access Board games/puzzles Game room Books, DVDs, music for children Evening entertainment Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to The Clarence Park Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The Clarence Park Hyatt Regency Toronto 7.9 Good 370 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is ideally positioned in Downtown Toronto and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. Unique views of Lake Ontario and Toronto can also be admired from the property. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Toronto 8.5 Excellent 30 Mercer Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Toronto Downtown / Entertainment District 8.2 Excellent 255 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It provides outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Clarence Park 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 1,868 verified guest reviews 7.3Families 7.6Couples 7.8Solo 7.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Clarence Park All photos (22) Other (9) Bedroom (4) Kitchen (2) Living room (2) Where is The Clarence Park Most Popular Landmarks Rogers Centre0.5 km CN Tower0.6 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.7 km Union Station1.1 km Scotiabank Arena1.2 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.5 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station1.1 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.1 km Toronto Union - Bus1.5 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.0 km Toronto Weston11.4 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.6 km FAQs when booking at The Clarence Park How close is The Clarence Park to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 18.5 km between The Clarence Park and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Clarence Park? The Clarence Park has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Toronto, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Clarence Park guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. Is The Clarence Park considered pet-friendly? The Clarence Park is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The Clarence Park. How close is The Clarence Park from the Toronto city center? The Clarence Park is 0.4 km away from the center of Waterfront Communities - The Island, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Clarence Park by various forms of transportation. What is the The Clarence Park phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Clarence Park please call +1 416 591 7387. Does The Clarence Park have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Clarence Park has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Clarence Park? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at The Clarence Park. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Clarence Park, Toronto? Prices at The Clarence Park will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 76, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 53. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Clarence Park? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Clarence Park, Toronto. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does The Clarence Park have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Clarence Park, Toronto. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Clarence Park from Rogers Centre? The Clarence Park is about 0.5 km from Rogers Centre, one of Toronto’s most popular landmarks. Is The Clarence Park close to Royal Ontario Museum? The distance from The Clarence Park to Royal Ontario Museum is 2.6 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Clarence Park Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
