https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Eliot_Suite_Hotel.htm
The Eliot Hotel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Eliot Hotel The Eliot Hotel Hotel 370 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 899 reviews 9.0 C$ 414 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Eliot Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Eliot Hotel The Eliot Suite Hotel provides unique 4-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, eateries and shops. This luxury hotel provides valet parking, an express check-in and chec... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.8 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 267 1607 All policies Amenities at The Eliot Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Ironing service Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Inner courtyard view Sofa CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Bicycle rental Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Eliot Hotel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to The Eliot Hotel Boston Fenway Inn By Found 5.6 Okay 12 Hemenway Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Boston, Boston Fenway Inn Hostel is set amongst a variety of shops and boutiques and is minutes on foot from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station. It is situated a brief stroll from Hynes Convention Center and Newbury Street. C$ 462 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Guest House 8.7 Excellent 22 Edgerly Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Oasis Guest House Boston is located in Boston and provides free Wi-Fi. The various facilities this charming bed & breakfast has to offer include a safe, a concierge and luggage storage. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Boston Back Bay 8.0 Excellent 40 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, Hilton Boston Back Bay offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Newbury Street. It also features a rooftop terrace, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Boston Hotel 8.0 Excellent 39 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station, Sheraton Boston Hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Boston. Guests also have exclusive access to the Green Tangerine Spa & Salon and Sheraton Fitness. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Eliot Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 899 verified guest reviews 9.1Couples 8.9Friends 9.0Families 9.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Eliot Hotel All photos (33) Bedroom (8) Building (4) Conference room (4) Living room (4) Where is The Eliot Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Prudential Center0.6 km Fenway Park0.7 km Copley Place0.8 km Museum of Fine Arts1.1 km Boston Common2.0 km Agganis Arena2.4 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street0.4 km Boston Back Bay1.1 km Boston Park Plaza1.7 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave2.2 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave2.3 km Boston State House2.3 km FAQs when booking at The Eliot Hotel How close is The Eliot Hotel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and The Eliot Hotel is 6.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 05m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to The Eliot Hotel? The Eliot Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Eliot Hotel considered pet-friendly? The Eliot Hotel welcomes most household pets. How close is The Eliot Hotel from the Boston city center? The center of Back Bay, Boston, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of The Eliot Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Museum of Fine Arts, which you can get to from The Eliot Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the The Eliot Hotel phone number? For questions about The Eliot Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 617 267 1607. Does The Eliot Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Eliot Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Eliot Hotel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at The Eliot Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Eliot Hotel, Boston? Usually The Eliot Hotel room prices are around C$ 446/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 303/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Eliot Hotel? Yes - The Eliot Hotel does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Eliot Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Eliot Hotel. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Eliot Hotel from Museum of Science? The popular Museum of Science is just over 2.6 km from The Eliot Hotel. Is The Eliot Hotel close to New England Aquarium? New England Aquarium is also a popular place to see in Boston. It is 3.4 km from The Eliot Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Eliot Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
