https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Harbour_Castle_Toronto.htm
The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Hotel 1 Harbour Square, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 2,366 reviews 7.8 C$ 243 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Featuring views of Toronto Islands and Lake Ontario, it also offers a multitude of amenities,... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 20.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 869 1600 All policies Amenities at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Additional toilet Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Board games/puzzles Game room Golf Canoeing Cycling Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' club Mini-golf Pay-per-view channels Squash Streaming service Bowling Table tennis Playground Outdoor tennis Basketball court Hiking Show more Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 589 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 562 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto 8.6 Excellent 75 Lower Simcoe Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto offers easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 276 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York 8.3 Excellent 100 Front Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Fairmont Royal York Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's popular tourist attractions. It has a spa, as well as a sauna, a Turkish steam bath and a Jacuzzi. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Victoria 56 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is located in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from the Hockey Hall of Fame and Toronto-Dominion Centre. C$ 445 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 172 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals The Omni King Edward Hotel 8.8 Excellent 37 King Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, The Omni King Edward Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,365 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo 7.9Couples 7.6Families 8.0Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 9.5 Excellent anne, Jan. 2017 Photos of The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto All photos (58) Outdoors view (11) Bedroom (9) Living room (8) Restaurant (5) Where is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Most Popular Landmarks Scotiabank Arena0.4 km Union Station0.6 km CN Tower0.9 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.9 km Rogers Centre1.1 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres1.4 km Getting Around Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre0.5 km Toronto Union Station0.6 km Toronto Union - Bus1.8 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St11.0 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.0 km Toronto Weston12.8 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Is pricing at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? In Toronto, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 309. The expected nightly rate for The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto is around C$ 280; a price that is 33% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Toronto. How close is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 20 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto. The average expected drive time from The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 15m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto. Is there a pool at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto? Yes, The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto from the Toronto city center? The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto is 0.8 km away from the center of Financial District, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto by various forms of transportation. What is the The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 416 869 1600 to talk to a The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto front desk representative. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto? The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto? The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto, Toronto? A good deal at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto right now is between C$ 173 and C$ 280 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto from Rogers Centre? Rogers Centre in Toronto is 1.1 km away from The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto. Is The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto close to Royal Ontario Museum? 3.3 km - making Royal Ontario Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Westin Harbour Castle, Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
