https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Listel_Hotel_Whistler.htm
The Listel Hotel Whistler, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 The Listel Hotel Whistler The Listel Hotel Whistler Hotel 4121 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,201 reviews 8.0 C$ 155 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Listel Hotel Whistler Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About The Listel Hotel Whistler The Listel Hotel Whistler is a comfortable setting when visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. Every room a... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 932 1133 All policies Amenities at The Listel Hotel Whistler Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Horse riding Hiking Ice skating Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ski storage Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Listel Hotel Whistler Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to The Listel Hotel Whistler Adara Hotel 8.0 Excellent 4122 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Adara Hotel is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides an outdoor pool, valet parking and meeting rooms. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Lodge 8.5 Excellent 4154 Village Green, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Crystal Lodge is a unique base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. The multiple amenities this charming resort features include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Aava Whistler Hotel 7.9 Good 4005 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of well-known tourist hot spots, boutiques and eateries, Aava Whistler Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to explore Whistler and its surroundings. It also offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Whistler, Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa provides elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as ski in/out facilities, a swimming pool and an outdoor pool. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 275 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Listel Hotel Whistler 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 1,201 verified guest reviews 8.2Friends 8.2Solo 7.9Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date S 8.6 Great Shane, Aug. 2017 staff very friendly. air con noisy as Photos of The Listel Hotel Whistler All photos (39) Bedroom (13) Other (8) Building (3) Restaurant (3) Where is The Listel Hotel Whistler Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Golf Club0.2 km Whistler Blackcomb0.6 km Whistler Marketplace0.6 km Callaghan Valley14.0 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.2 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.2 km FAQs when booking at The Listel Hotel Whistler Is The Listel Hotel Whistler considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to The Listel Hotel Whistler during their stay. What is the The Listel Hotel Whistler phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Listel Hotel Whistler at +1 604 932 1133. Does The Listel Hotel Whistler have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Listel Hotel Whistler has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Listel Hotel Whistler? The Listel Hotel Whistler has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Listel Hotel Whistler, Whistler? Prices at The Listel Hotel Whistler will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 497, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 99. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Listel Hotel Whistler? Yes - The Listel Hotel Whistler does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Listel Hotel Whistler have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 The Listel Hotel Whistler Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
