https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Hollywood_Roosevelt.htm
The Hollywood Roosevelt, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 The Hollywood Roosevelt The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel 7000 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 2,079 reviews 8.2 C$ 375 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Hollywood Roosevelt Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About The Hollywood Roosevelt Located in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Roosevelt offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a b... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.9 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 18.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 856 1970 All policies Amenities at The Hollywood Roosevelt Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Garden view Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Secured parking Minibar Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Breakfast in the room Telephone Tile/marble floor CD player Toilet Safe TV Smartphone dock Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Evening entertainment Fitness centre Streaming service Bowling Table tennis Playground Pool table Hiking Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Hollywood Roosevelt Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,561 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 435 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 370 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to The Hollywood Roosevelt Hollywood and Highland Youth Hostel 7038 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Los Angeles, Hollywood Highland Hotel and Hostel is a five-minute walk from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and provides a sauna, a heated pool and a Jacuzzi. Only a short walk from the Grauman's Chinese Theatre, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Orange Drive Hostel 8.4 Excellent 1764 North Orange Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Within 20 minutes' stroll from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Orange Drive Hostel provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Loews Hollywood Hotel 8.4 Excellent 1755 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This trendy hotel is conveniently positioned in Hollywood and provides a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop pool. Just a short stroll from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it offers trendy rooms equipped with an iPod docking station, a mini bar and a coffee maker. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,297 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Hollywood Roosevelt 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 2,079 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 8.2Couples 8.2Solo 8.3Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date A 8.2 Great Anonymous, Feb. 2020 this is the second time we have stayed here and it is a good option for the Hollywood area. A 3.7 Poor Anonymous, Jan. 2017 Checkin staff not pleasant nor helpful. Room was terrible. Firstly it was very small, it had a bad smell, felt dusty and overly filled with purchasable souvenirs. Toilet was the size of an airplane toilet. Large dogs allowed at premis which barked and hauled at night. At night it had the feel of a brothel with loud ladies and drunkards along the corridor. The only good part of my stay were the friendly and helpful bell boys (Paul) and valet staff. Photos of The Hollywood Roosevelt All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Living room (9) Pool (5) Restaurant (5) Where is The Hollywood Roosevelt Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame0.2 km Hollywood Boulevard0.8 km Hollywood and Vine1.4 km Los Angeles State Historic Park10.7 km California Science Center10.8 km Little Tokyo11.0 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.0 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.7 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.9 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd10.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California10.2 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California10.5 km FAQs when booking at The Hollywood Roosevelt Is pricing at The Hollywood Roosevelt comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at The Hollywood Roosevelt will generally be 36% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at The Hollywood Roosevelt, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 369/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 4-stars hotel. How close is The Hollywood Roosevelt to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 18.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to The Hollywood Roosevelt is 0h 14m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to The Hollywood Roosevelt? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to The Hollywood Roosevelt can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 28/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, The Hollywood Roosevelt has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Hollywood Roosevelt considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to The Hollywood Roosevelt during their stay. Is there a pool at The Hollywood Roosevelt? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Los Angeles often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Hollywood Roosevelt for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Hollywood Roosevelt from the Los Angeles city center? The Hollywood Roosevelt is just 1.5 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. From The Hollywood Roosevelt you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the The Hollywood Roosevelt phone number? The best way to contact The Hollywood Roosevelt is by calling +1 323 856 1970. Does The Hollywood Roosevelt have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Hollywood Roosevelt has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Hollywood Roosevelt? Yes, there is a gym available to The Hollywood Roosevelt guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Hollywood Roosevelt? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at The Hollywood Roosevelt, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Hollywood Roosevelt, Los Angeles? A good deal at The Hollywood Roosevelt right now is between C$ 253 and C$ 369 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Hollywood Roosevelt? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Hollywood Roosevelt, Los Angeles. A bar is also available on-site. Does The Hollywood Roosevelt have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Hollywood Roosevelt from Hollywood Walk of Fame? The Hollywood Roosevelt is a good place to stay to see Hollywood Walk of Fame. It’s 0.2 km away. Is The Hollywood Roosevelt close to Hollywood Boulevard? Hollywood Boulevard is also a popular place to see in Los Angeles. It is 0.8 km from The Hollywood Roosevelt. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,823 The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
