https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Harbour_House.htm
The Harbour House, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Harbour House The Harbour House Hotel 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 165 reviews 9.1 C$ 162 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Harbour House Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Harbour House The Harbour House is situated in Charlottetown and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a Jacuzzi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. The bed & breakfast offers modern accommoda... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 6.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 892 6633 All policies Amenities at The Harbour House Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Radio Entire unit located on ground floor Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to The Harbour House Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map From the moment you step into the grand lobby of this historic property with its marble floors and barrel vaulted ceilings you will be surrounded by the historic elegance. Built in 1932 by CN Railways, it is a class apart from all other Island hotels. All rooms are tastefully decorated with modern amenities, a truly distinctive hotel. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to The Harbour House The Sonata Inn 8.9 Excellent 3 Grafton St, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel The Sonata Inn is situated in Charlottetown and is close to the area's tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals Dundee Arms Inn 8.4 Excellent 200 Pownal Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Dundee Arms Inn is set in Charlottetown and is close to local attractions, including St. Dunstan's Basilica, Government House and Province House. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Rodd Charlottetown offers elegant accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown 6.9 Good 281 Brackley Point Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 4.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sherwood Inn and Motel Charlottetown is situated in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It also provides babysitting/child services, a sauna and meeting rooms. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Harbour House 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 165 verified guest reviews 9.3Friends 9.1Families 8.5Solo 9.1Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Harbour House All photos (23) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (2) Front desk (2) Outdoors view (2) Where is The Harbour House Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.1 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.4 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.9 km FAQs when booking at The Harbour House How close is The Harbour House to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? There are 6 km between the closest airport, Charlottetown Airport, and The Harbour House. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to The Harbour House? Getting from Charlottetown Airport to The Harbour House can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 59/day in Charlottetown. Luckily, The Harbour House has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is The Harbour House from the Charlottetown city center? The Harbour House is just 0.7 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from The Harbour House, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the The Harbour House phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Harbour House at +1 902 892 6633. Does The Harbour House have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Harbour House has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Harbour House? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Does The Harbour House have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Harbour House from Confederation Centre of the Arts? You can walk to Confederation Centre of the Arts while staying at The Harbour House - you’ll be about 0.4 km away. Is The Harbour House close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? The distance from The Harbour House to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation is 0.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Harbour House Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
