https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Bayshore_Vancouver.htm
The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Hotel 1601 Bayshore Drive, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 622 reviews 8.5 C$ 237 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Centrally situated, The Westin Bayshore Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best tourist attractions. This stylish hotel is an ideal choice for discovering local vineyards as it is located... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 11.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 682 3377 All policies Amenities at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Cycling Aerobics Skiing Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Hiking Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver 6.8 Good 1431 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is within walking distance of University Canada West and provides free Wi-Fi. Not only does it overlook Robson Street, but it also showcases harbour and city views. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Barclay Hotel 7.1 Good 1348 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Barclay Hotel offers cosy accommodation in Vancouver and is within a 20-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals The Listel Hotel Vancouver 8.4 Excellent 1300 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Waterfront Station, The Listel Hotel Vancouver offers guests a convenient base while in Vancouver. Guests have access to a swimming pool and a beauty centre. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals Granville Island Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1253 Johnston Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located a short walk from Yaletown Roundhouse Skytrain Station, Granville Island Hotel provides guests with an ideal base while in Vancouver. This sophisticated hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 622 verified guest reviews 8.5Couples 8.5Solo 8.8Friends 8.4Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Conference room (7) Outdoors view (7) Pool (7) Where is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.3 km Waterfront Centre1.3 km Stanley Park1.5 km Metropolis at Metrotown11.9 km BC Place Stadium2.1 km Rogers Arena2.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel0.0 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel0.7 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Davie St at Denman St1.1 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.2 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.4 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Is pricing at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver comparable to 4 star hotels in Vancouver? There is a 8% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Vancouver and the average nightly rate at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. The rate at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver is just C$ 297/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Vancouver. How close is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver considered pet-friendly? The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Vancouver often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver is just 0.6 km away from the center of Coal Harbour, Vancouver. From The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as BC Place Stadium. What is the The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 682 3377. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 297 per night to stay at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 196 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver? The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver is a good place to stay to see TELUS World of Science. It’s 2.8 km away. Is The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? 2.2 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
