https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Clermont_London_Charing_Cross.htm
The Clermont London, Charing Cross, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 The Clermont London, Charing Cross The Clermont London, Charing Cross Hotel The Strand, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 3,677 reviews 8.8 C$ 296 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Clermont London, Charing Cross Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Clermont London, Charing Cross This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 23.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Mobile hotspot device Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 207 523 5052 All policies Amenities at The Clermont London, Charing Cross Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shared toilet Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Clermont London, Charing Cross Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 738 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 471 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to The Clermont London, Charing Cross Citadines Trafalgar Square London 8.1 Excellent 18/21 Northumberland Avenue, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Offering 4-star accommodation, Citadines Trafalgar Square London is conveniently located in Westminster. It is close to Trafalgar Square, eateries and shops. C$ 299 Avg. per night View Deals The Trafalgar St. James London, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.9 Excellent 2 Spring Gardens, Trafalgar Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Set in Westminster, this luxury hotel provides 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Trafalgar Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 481 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 8.5 Excellent 31-36 Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel London is a modern hotel situated in a popular tourist area, under a short stroll to Piccadilly Circus and Theatreland. It has complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Leicester Square. C$ 393 Avg. per night View Deals Strand Palace Hotel 8.1 Excellent 372 Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Strand Palace Hotel London provides art deco accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It is located a brief stroll from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and West End Theater District. C$ 196 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Flemings Mayfair 8.7 Excellent 7-12 Half Moon Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Just minutes from Green Park Tube Station, Flemings Mayfair is one of London's oldest hotels and offers luxury accommodation and facilities, including a fully-equipped gym. Close to shops and restaurants, the hotel is a convenient base when in London. C$ 509 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Clermont London, Charing Cross 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 3,677 verified guest reviews 8.4Solo 8.9Friends 8.9Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Clermont London, Charing Cross All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Outdoors view (9) Bathroom (7) Building (4) Where is The Clermont London, Charing Cross Most Popular Landmarks Trafalgar Square0.2 km Leicester Square0.4 km Piccadilly Circus0.7 km London Eye0.7 km Big Ben0.9 km British Museum1.2 km Getting Around London Charing Cross0.1 km London Embankment0.2 km London Belvedere Road0.7 km London Westminster0.8 km London Piccadilly Circus0.8 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.0 km FAQs when booking at The Clermont London, Charing Cross Is pricing at The Clermont London, Charing Cross comparable to 4 star hotels in London? The average rate for a night at The Clermont London, Charing Cross is 8% less than the London average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Clermont London, Charing Cross is typically C$ 414, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in London. How close is The Clermont London, Charing Cross to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At 23.3 km away, London Heathrow Airport is the closest airport to The Clermont London, Charing Cross. The average expected drive time from The Clermont London, Charing Cross to London Heathrow Airport is 0h 18m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to The Clermont London, Charing Cross? Getting from London Heathrow Airport to The Clermont London, Charing Cross can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in London. Luckily, The Clermont London, Charing Cross has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is The Clermont London, Charing Cross from the London city center? The center of Covent Garden, London, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of The Clermont London, Charing Cross. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Wembley Stadium, which you can get to from The Clermont London, Charing Cross using any means of transportation. What is the The Clermont London, Charing Cross phone number? For questions about The Clermont London, Charing Cross and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +44 207 523 5052. Does The Clermont London, Charing Cross have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Clermont London, Charing Cross has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Clermont London, Charing Cross? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Clermont London, Charing Cross. What is the check-out time at The Clermont London, Charing Cross? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at The Clermont London, Charing Cross, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Clermont London, Charing Cross, London? On average, guests have been paying C$ 414 per night to stay at The Clermont London, Charing Cross. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 126 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Clermont London, Charing Cross? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Clermont London, Charing Cross for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Clermont London, Charing Cross have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Clermont London, Charing Cross. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Clermont London, Charing Cross from Tower Bridge? The popular Tower Bridge is just over 3.4 km from The Clermont London, Charing Cross. Is The Clermont London, Charing Cross close to Hyde Park? The Clermont London, Charing Cross is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Hyde Park, which is 3.2 km away. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,423 The Clermont London, Charing Cross Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
