https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_LOL_Elephant_Hostel.htm
The Lol Elephant Hostel, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 The Lol Elephant Hostel The Lol Elephant Hostel Hostel 365/28 Phra Sumen Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 772 reviews 9.1 C$ 9 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Lol Elephant Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Lol Elephant Hostel Conveniently situated, The LOL Elephant Hostel offers easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. It provides a tour desk and a garden, and is a brief walk from Khaosan Road and the Democracy Monument. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 9.1 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 073 6465 All policies Amenities at The Lol Elephant Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Reading light Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shower Slippers Socket near the bed Sofa Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Lake view Bidet Landmark view Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Free parking Upper floors accessible by stairs Privacy curtain Private bathroom Garden Private entrance Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Services Fax/photocopying Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to The Lol Elephant Hostel Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to The Lol Elephant Hostel Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Chillax Resort 8.3 Excellent 274 Samsen Soi 2 Phra Nakhon, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centrally located, Chillax Resort allows for easy access to Bangkok's main shopping and sightseeing areas. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Khaosan Road and Wat Chana Song Khram. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai 9.7 Excellent 42 Rambuttri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai provides easy access to Bangkok's main retail areas and tourist attractions. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features stylish 3-star rooms and a bar. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.8 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 15 Avg. per night View Deals Nasa Vegas Hotel 7.9 Good 44 Ramkhamhaeng Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 7.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated a short stroll from Khlong Tan Railway Station, Nasa Vegas Hotel provides guests with a convenient base when in Bangkok. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Lol Elephant Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 772 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 8.8Families 9.0Couples 9.2Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Where is The Lol Elephant Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San0.6 km Grand Palace1.6 km Gateway Ekamai Mall10.1 km Rajamangala Stadium13.0 km MBK Center3.5 km Siam Square3.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Giant Ibis - Bangkok0.3 km Bangkok Prachathipatai Road0.3 km Bangkok Any Hotel0.4 km Bangkok Krung Siam Tour0.4 km Bangkok Tara Tour and Travel - Bangkok0.4 km Bangkok Thai Sriram - Bangkok0.5 km FAQs when booking at The Lol Elephant Hostel How close is The Lol Elephant Hostel to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? There are 20.4 km between the closest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and The Lol Elephant Hostel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to The Lol Elephant Hostel? The Lol Elephant Hostel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Lol Elephant Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. How close is The Lol Elephant Hostel from the Bangkok city center? The Lol Elephant Hostel is 0.5 km away from the center of Phra Nakhon, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Lol Elephant Hostel by various forms of transportation. What is the The Lol Elephant Hostel phone number? The best way to contact The Lol Elephant Hostel is by calling +66 2 073 6465. Does The Lol Elephant Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Lol Elephant Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Lol Elephant Hostel? The Lol Elephant Hostel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Lol Elephant Hostel, Bangkok? The Lol Elephant Hostel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 17/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 9/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does The Lol Elephant Hostel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Lol Elephant Hostel. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 The Lol Elephant Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
