https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Inn_at_the_Union_Club_of_British_Columbia.htm
The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Hotel 805 Gordon Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 289 reviews 8.1 C$ 228 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Featuring a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as complimentary wireless internet, The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is a comfortable place to stay in Victoria. It ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.5 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 384 1151 All policies Amenities at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Storage available Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Sauna City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Eco tourism Board games/puzzles Game room Golf Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pool table Library Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Magnolia Hotel & Spa 9.2 Excellent 623 Courtney Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Victoria, just a 10-minute walk from Victoria Railway Station, Magnolia Hotel & Spa offers 4.5-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It is steps from the Greater Victoria Public Library, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Fairmont Empress Hotel is located in Victoria and features a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It is close to British Columbia Parliament Buildings, dining options and shops. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Strathcona Hotel 7.7 Good 919 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Treating guests to a rooftop beach club with a volleyball court and a BBQ area with city views, Strathcona Hotel is convenient positioned in Victoria. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, eateries and shops. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria 8.2 Excellent 777 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an infinity pool and free wired internet, the hotel is situated in Victoria and is a short stroll from Inner Harbour and the Greater Victoria Public Library. It is moments from Victoria Conference Centre, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 289 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 8.1Couples 8.1Solo 8.0Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia All photos (31) Other (8) Living room (6) Bedroom (3) Lounge (3) Where is The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.3 km Victoria Harbour0.4 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.1 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.1 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.2 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.4 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station0.2 km Victoria Douglas at View0.4 km Victoria Ferry0.5 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.1 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.6 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.5 km FAQs when booking at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia How close is The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is 0.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia? The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia from the Victoria city center? The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is just 0.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Victoria. From The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 250 384 1151. Does The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia? The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia, Victoria? Usually The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia room prices are around C$ 200/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 176/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia? There is a restaurant located in The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia have a laundry service? The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia from Emily Carr House? The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia is a good place to stay to see Emily Carr House. It’s 1 km away. Is The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia close to Royal Theatre? 0.4 km - making Royal Theatre a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Inn at the Union Club of British Columbia Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
