https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Great_George.htm
The Great George, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Great George The Great George Hotel 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 151 reviews 9.3 C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Great George Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Great George The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. The hotel provides traditional accom... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 9.3 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 5.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 892 0606 All policies Amenities at The Great George Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Radio Disabled Access Beach towels Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine TV Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Great George Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to The Great George The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, The Holman Grand Hotel is located in Charlottetown and is a five-minute stroll from St. Dunstan's Basilica and Province House. It also offers a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward 8.6 Excellent 18 Queen Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Delta Hotels by Marriott Prince Edward provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals Mermaid Suites 143 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Mermaid Suites is situated in Charlottetown and is a short stroll from Province House and St. Dunstan's Basilica. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Inn on the Harbour 9.2 Excellent 3 Hillsborough Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Charlottetown, Inn on the Harbour Charlottetown is a short walk from Province House and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Glendenning Hall 9.4 Excellent 331 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Glendenning Hall at Holland College is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as Province House. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Great George 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.3 ExcellentBased on 151 verified guest reviews 9.6Friends 9.4Families 9.3Solo 9.2Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Great George All photos (24) Bedroom (9) Living room (3) Room amenity (3) Gym (2) Where is The Great George Most Popular Landmarks The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.6 km PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.7 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.6 km FAQs when booking at The Great George How close is The Great George to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? At just 5.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, to The Great George is 0h 04m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to The Great George? Getting from Charlottetown Airport to The Great George can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 59/day in Charlottetown. Luckily, The Great George has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Charlottetown Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Great George from the Charlottetown city center? The Great George is just 0.6 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from The Great George, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the The Great George phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 902 892 0606. Does The Great George have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Great George has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Great George? Yes, The Great George has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at The Great George? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at The Great George. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Great George, Charlottetown? On average, guests have been paying C$ 182 per night to stay at The Great George. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 147 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Great George? The Great George does have a restaurant. Does The Great George have a laundry service? The Great George does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Great George from Confederation Centre of the Arts? You can walk to Confederation Centre of the Arts while staying at The Great George - you’ll be about 0.2 km away. Is The Great George close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation and The Great George. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Great George Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
