https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Craigmyle.htm
The Craigmyle, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Craigmyle The Craigmyle Hotel 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 795 reviews 8.1 C$ 120 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Craigmyle Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Craigmyle The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Distance to airport 2.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 844 595 5411 All policies Amenities at The Craigmyle Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Terrace/Patio Linens Towels Fan Feather pillow Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Garden view Shared kitchen Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Dishwasher Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room CCTV outside property No smoking Landmark view Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Outdoor dining area Outdoor furniture City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Private entrance Kitchenette Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Golf Services Business centre Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to The Craigmyle Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to The Craigmyle Abbeymoore Manor Bed & Breakfast Inn 9.0 Excellent 1470 Rockland Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Abbeymoore Manor provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Villa Marco Polo Bed And Breakfast Inn 1524 Shasta Place, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Villa Marco Polo Bed and Breakfast Inn provides 3-star accommodation in Victoria. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholme Manor Inn 9.7 Excellent 638 Rockland Place, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Fairholme Manor Inn provides 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It also offers free Wi-Fi, massage services and a beauty centre. C$ 219 Avg. per night View Deals Amethyst Inn 8.9 Excellent 1501 Fort Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Ideally located in Victoria, Amethyst Inn offers historic accommodation an easy drive from the Royal British Columbia Museum. It is situated a brief walk from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria and the Craigdarroch Castle. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Craigmyle 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 796 verified guest reviews 8.0Couples 8.3Solo 8.1Friends 8.0Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Craigmyle All photos (30) Living room (11) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Building (3) Where is The Craigmyle Most Popular Landmarks Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.5 km Open Space Arts Society1.8 km Bear Mountain Golf Club14.9 km Victoria Harbour2.1 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf2.8 km Fisherman's Wharf Park2.8 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at View1.5 km Victoria Bus Station1.6 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.8 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.2 km Victoria Ferry2.2 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson3.2 km FAQs when booking at The Craigmyle How close is The Craigmyle to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 2 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and The Craigmyle. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to The Craigmyle? Getting from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to The Craigmyle can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Victoria. Luckily, The Craigmyle has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is The Craigmyle from the Victoria city center? The Craigmyle is 0.4 km away from the center of Rockland, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Craigmyle by various forms of transportation. What is the The Craigmyle phone number? The best way to contact The Craigmyle is by calling +1 844 595 5411. Does The Craigmyle have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Craigmyle has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Craigmyle? The standard check-out time at The Craigmyle is 11:30 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Craigmyle, Victoria? Usually The Craigmyle room prices are around C$ 125/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 80/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does The Craigmyle have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Craigmyle that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Craigmyle from Emily Carr House? The Craigmyle is about 2.1 km from Emily Carr House, one of Victoria’s most popular landmarks. Is The Craigmyle close to Royal Theatre? The distance from The Craigmyle to Royal Theatre is 1.3 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Craigmyle Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
