https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_B_Tokyo_Akasaka_Mitsuke.htm
the b akasaka-mitsuke, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 the b akasaka-mitsuke the b akasaka-mitsuke Hotel 3-21-7 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 962 reviews 8.0 C$ 74 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for the b akasaka-mitsuke Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About the b akasaka-mitsuke Located in Tokyo, The B Tokyo Akasaka-Mitsuke offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. The hotel has 122 ro... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.0 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Tokyo Narita Distance to airport 59.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 335 893 610 All policies Amenities at the b akasaka-mitsuke Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Ice maker Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to the b akasaka-mitsuke Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to the b akasaka-mitsuke Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo Akasaka 8.8 Excellent 4-3, Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo Akasaka is five minutes from Akasaka Sacas. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi and is a stone's throw from Akasaka and tourist attractions. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower 3-12-16 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Centurion Hotel Residential Cabin Tower is set in Central Tokyo and is a 10-minute walk from Nagatacho. It also offers free wireless internet. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals the b akasaka 7.8 Good 7-6-13 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Tokyo, The B Akasaka offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Akasaka Sacas. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Mimaru Tokyo Akasaka 9.0 Excellent 7-9-6 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel provides good value accommodation. It also features luggage storage, free Wi-Fi and a designated smoking area. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for the b akasaka-mitsuke 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 962 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 8.1Couples 7.8Families 8.2Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of the b akasaka-mitsuke All photos (40) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (4) Lobby (4) Outdoors view (4) Where is the b akasaka-mitsuke Most Popular Landmarks Roppongi Hills1.5 km Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden2.5 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.7 km Tokyo Dome3.5 km Yoyogi Koen3.8 km Akihabara Electric Town4.2 km Getting Around Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit2.7 km Tokyo2.8 km Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube2.9 km Tokyo3.0 km Tokyo Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal3.5 km Tokyo Shinagawa5.4 km FAQs when booking at the b akasaka-mitsuke Is pricing at the b akasaka-mitsuke comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? There is a 75% difference in the average nightly rate of 3 stars hotels in Tokyo and the average nightly rate at the b akasaka-mitsuke. The rate at the b akasaka-mitsuke is just C$ 97/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Tokyo. How close is the b akasaka-mitsuke to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? At just 14.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to the b akasaka-mitsuke is 0h 11m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to the b akasaka-mitsuke? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for the b akasaka-mitsuke guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Tokyo. How close is the b akasaka-mitsuke from the Tokyo city center? the b akasaka-mitsuke is just 0.6 km away from the center of Akasaka, Tokyo. From the b akasaka-mitsuke you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Akihabara Electric Town. What is the the b akasaka-mitsuke phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at the b akasaka-mitsuke please call +81 335 893 610. Does the b akasaka-mitsuke have Wi-Fi available? Yes, the b akasaka-mitsuke has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at the b akasaka-mitsuke? the b akasaka-mitsuke has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at the b akasaka-mitsuke, Tokyo? A good deal at the b akasaka-mitsuke right now is between C$ 55 and C$ 97 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at the b akasaka-mitsuke? There is a restaurant located in the b akasaka-mitsuke. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does the b akasaka-mitsuke have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at the b akasaka-mitsuke that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is the b akasaka-mitsuke from Tokyo Dome? The popular Tokyo Dome is just over 3.5 km from the b akasaka-mitsuke. Is the b akasaka-mitsuke close to Akasaka Sacas? If you want to see Akasaka Sacas while visiting Tokyo, the b akasaka-mitsuke is just 0.4 km away. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 the b akasaka-mitsuke Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
