https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Gotham_Hotel.htm
The Gotham Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Gotham Hotel The Gotham Hotel Hotel 16 East 46th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 723 reviews 8.3 C$ 293 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Gotham Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Gotham Hotel Located under a 10-minute walk from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station, The Gotham Hotel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting New York City. It is situated a short stroll from The Mu... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 21.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 490 8500 All policies Amenities at The Gotham Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available River view Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Refrigerator Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Show more Activities Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Gotham Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Gotham Hotel The Roosevelt Hotel 45 E 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Roosevelt Hotel offers historic accommodation in New York City and is a few minutes on foot from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 503 Avg. per night View Deals Club Quarters Hotel, Midtown 7.9 Good 40 West 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Club Quarters Hotel Midtown is situated in New York City and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, including the New York Public Library, Rockefeller Center and Times Square. It is surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Grand Central Terminal. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals The Hotel At Times Square 6.9 Good 59 West 46th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated close to Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station, The Hotel at Times Square provides guests with a convenient base when in New York City. It is located a brief stroll from Times Square, the New York Public Library and Rockefeller Center. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals City Club Hotel 7.5 Good 55 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel City Club Hotel New York City provides elegant 4-star accommodation in New York City. It is close to Times Square, restaurants and shops. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Gotham Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 723 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.4Couples 8.5Friends 8.3Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Gotham Hotel All photos (48) Bedroom (22) Balcony (6) Building (4) Living room (3) Where is The Gotham Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Grand Central Terminal0.3 km Chrysler Building0.5 km Bryant Park0.5 km Times Square0.7 km Broadway0.8 km Empire State Building1.0 km Getting Around New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.1 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.4 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.4 km New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.5 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.7 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.9 km FAQs when booking at The Gotham Hotel Is pricing at The Gotham Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 461/night, but on average, The Gotham Hotel is available for 39% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Gotham Hotel for C$ 379/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is The Gotham Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With a distance of 21.2 km between The Gotham Hotel and the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 16m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Gotham Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at The Gotham Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Gotham Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at The Gotham Hotel. How close is The Gotham Hotel from the New York city center? The Gotham Hotel is just 0.4 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. From The Gotham Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the The Gotham Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Gotham Hotel please call +1 212 490 8500. Does The Gotham Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Gotham Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Gotham Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Gotham Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Gotham Hotel? The Gotham Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Gotham Hotel, New York? The Gotham Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 379/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 182/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Gotham Hotel? The Gotham Hotel does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does The Gotham Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Gotham Hotel. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Gotham Hotel from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.4 km from The Gotham Hotel. Is The Gotham Hotel close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, The Gotham Hotel is just 0.7 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Gotham Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
