https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Best_Western_Premier_Calgary_Plaza_Hotel_Conference_Centre.htm
The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Hotel 1316 33 Street NE, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 672 reviews 8.3 C$ 145 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel & Conference Centre provides 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It also features an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. There are a variety of facili... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.2 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 7.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 403 248 8888 All policies Amenities at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Cribs available Gift shop EV charging station Elevator Fold-up bed Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Kids meals Enhanced cleaning Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Four Points by Sheraton Calgary Airport 7.7 Good 2875 Sunridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Four Points by Sheraton Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also provides a day spa that is equipped with a beauty centre and a sauna. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport 7.3 Good 2799 Sunridge Way NE, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a beauty centre, a 24-hour reception and a sauna. C$ 81 Avg. per night View Deals Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport 5.8 Okay 2750 Sunridge Boulevard Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Featuring free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport is located in Calgary and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 181 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown 8.5 Excellent 239 12th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Just 10 minutes' walk from 3 Street Southwest/4 Street Southwest Station, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay when in Calgary. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 672 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.3Friends 8.5Couples 8.3Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel All photos (54) Banquet hall (8) Bathroom (7) Bedroom (7) Conference room (6) Where is The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Olympic Oval10.6 km Market Mall12.1 km Heritage Park Historical Village12.2 km South Glenmore Park13.7 km Canada Olympic Park16.2 km Bowness Park16.6 km Getting Around Calgary Marlborough Way Ne1.1 km Calgary Brentwood10.4 km Calgary Foothills Hospital10.4 km Calgary Westbrook Mall11.1 km Calgary Deerfoot Inn & Casino12.8 km Calgary Anderson Lrt Station13.7 km FAQs when booking at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Is pricing at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel comparable to 3 star hotels in Calgary? Nightly rates at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel will generally be 22% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Calgary. When staying at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 147/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Calgary for a 3-stars hotel. How close is The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel is 7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 05m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Calgary, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Calgary Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel considered pet-friendly? The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel. Is there a pool at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel? Yes, The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel from the Calgary city center? The center of Bridgeland/Riverside, Calgary, is just 3.7 km away from the front doors of The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Calgary Tower, which you can get to from The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel phone number? The best way to contact The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel is by calling +1 403 248 8888. Does The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel? The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel, Calgary? The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 147/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 89/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel, Calgary. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 The Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
