https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Z_Hotel_Piccadilly.htm
The Z Hotel Piccadilly, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 The Z Hotel Piccadilly The Z Hotel Piccadilly Hotel 2 Orange Street, London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 6,700 reviews 8.0 C$ 185 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Z Hotel Piccadilly Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Z Hotel Piccadilly The Z Hotel Piccadilly is in Westminster and is within a two minute walk to the Her Majesty's Theatre and the Prince of Wales Theatre. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, which is... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport London Heathrow Distance to airport 22.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +44 203 551 3720 All policies Amenities at The Z Hotel Piccadilly Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Allergy-free room CCTV outside property No smoking Electric kettle Soundproof rooms Bar/Lounge Disabled Access Body soap Hairdryer Linens Towels Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Ironing service Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Toilet Free toiletries Shampoo Toilet paper Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Coffee shop Private bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed 24hr front desk Storage available CCTV in common areas Show more Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to The Z Hotel Piccadilly Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 740 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 474 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Grange St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to The Z Hotel Piccadilly Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 8.5 Excellent 31-36 Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel London is a modern hotel situated in a popular tourist area, under a short stroll to Piccadilly Circus and Theatreland. It has complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Leicester Square. C$ 393 Avg. per night View Deals The Trafalgar St. James London, Curio Collection by Hilton 8.9 Excellent 2 Spring Gardens, Trafalgar Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Westminster, this luxury hotel provides 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Trafalgar Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 483 Avg. per night View Deals Citadines Trafalgar Square London 8.1 Excellent 18/21 Northumberland Avenue, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Offering 4-star accommodation, Citadines Trafalgar Square London is conveniently located in Westminster. It is close to Trafalgar Square, eateries and shops. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Strand Palace Hotel 8.1 Excellent 372 Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Central London, Strand Palace Hotel London provides art deco accommodation with state-of-the-art facilities. It is located a brief stroll from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and West End Theater District. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 513 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 297 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Z Hotel Piccadilly 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 6,697 verified guest reviews 7.9Solo 8.0Couples 7.9Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Z Hotel Piccadilly All photos (13) Bedroom (9) Restaurant (2) Building (1) Room amenity (1) Where is The Z Hotel Piccadilly Most Popular Landmarks Piccadilly Circus0.2 km Leicester Square0.2 km Trafalgar Square0.3 km Big Ben1.0 km Oxford Circus1.0 km Buckingham Palace1.1 km Getting Around London Piccadilly Circus0.3 km London Charing Cross0.6 km London Embankment0.7 km London Westminster1.0 km London Belvedere Road1.1 km London Kingsway / Holborn Station (Stop M)1.2 km FAQs when booking at The Z Hotel Piccadilly Is pricing at The Z Hotel Piccadilly comparable to 4 star hotels in London? The Z Hotel Piccadilly is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in London. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 418 per night in London. The Z Hotel Piccadilly will run you C$ 269 per night, which is 52% cheaper than the London average. How close is The Z Hotel Piccadilly to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? At just 22.9 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, to The Z Hotel Piccadilly is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to The Z Hotel Piccadilly? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Z Hotel Piccadilly guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is The Z Hotel Piccadilly from the London city center? The Z Hotel Piccadilly is just 0.3 km away from the center of St James, London. From The Z Hotel Piccadilly you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Tower Bridge. What is the The Z Hotel Piccadilly phone number? For questions about The Z Hotel Piccadilly and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +44 203 551 3720. Does The Z Hotel Piccadilly have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Z Hotel Piccadilly has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Z Hotel Piccadilly? The Z Hotel Piccadilly check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Z Hotel Piccadilly, London? Prices at The Z Hotel Piccadilly will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 269, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 63. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is The Z Hotel Piccadilly from Hyde Park? The Z Hotel Piccadilly is a walkable distance (2.8 km) from Hyde Park, London. Is The Z Hotel Piccadilly close to London Bridge? London Bridge is also a popular place to see in London. It is 3 km from The Z Hotel Piccadilly. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 England Hotels 166,192 London Hotels 25,425 The Z Hotel Piccadilly Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
