https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_St_Regis_Toronto.htm
The St. Regis Toronto, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The St. Regis Toronto The St. Regis Toronto Hotel 325 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 94 reviews 9.1 C$ 622 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The St. Regis Toronto Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The St. Regis Toronto This hotel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just a 10-minute walk from the Hockey Hall of Fame and Toronto-Dominion Centre. For guests' enjoyment, it also offers massage, plus views of Toronto. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 19.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 306 5800 All policies Amenities at The St. Regis Toronto Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Electric kettle Kid-friendly Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Dishwasher Kitchen/Kitchenette Iron and ironing board Oven First-aid kit Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Babysitting/child services (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service 24/7 concierge Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The St. Regis Toronto Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The St. Regis Toronto One King West Hotel & Residence 8.5 Excellent 1 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, One King West Hotel and Residence allows for easy access to Toronto's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this elegant hotel has to offer include a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Cambridge Suites Toronto 8.8 Excellent 15 Richmond Street East, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Cambridge Suites Toronto provides easy access to Toronto's main retail and sightseeing areas. Guests also have exclusive access to the Glassworks Gym and Spa and Glassworks Gym and Spa. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Victoria 56 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is located in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from the Hockey Hall of Fame and Toronto-Dominion Centre. C$ 446 Avg. per night View Deals Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto 7.8 Good 8 Colborne Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Established in 2005 and located in Toronto, Executive Hotel Cosmopolitan Toronto offers ski in/out facilities, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool, as well as views of Financial District. This unique hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The St. Regis Toronto 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 94 verified guest reviews 8.5Solo 9.1Couples 8.3Friends 9.6Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The St. Regis Toronto All photos (55) Living room (9) Bedroom (6) Spa (5) Conference room (4) Where is The St. Regis Toronto Most Popular Landmarks Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres0.4 km Union Station0.5 km Massey Hall0.5 km Toronto Eaton Centre0.5 km Scotiabank Arena0.7 km CN Tower0.9 km Getting Around Toronto Union Station0.5 km Toronto Union - Bus0.8 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre1.1 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.0 km Toronto Conistion Rd10.5 km Toronto Weston12.0 km FAQs when booking at The St. Regis Toronto How close is The St. Regis Toronto to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and The St. Regis Toronto is 19.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 15m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The St. Regis Toronto? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The St. Regis Toronto considered pet-friendly? The St. Regis Toronto is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The St. Regis Toronto. Is there a pool at The St. Regis Toronto? Yes. Many people visiting Toronto look for a hotel with a pool. The St. Regis Toronto has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The St. Regis Toronto from the Toronto city center? The center of Financial District, Toronto, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of The St. Regis Toronto. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from The St. Regis Toronto using any means of transportation. What is the The St. Regis Toronto phone number? You can reach the front desk of The St. Regis Toronto at +1 416 306 5800. Does The St. Regis Toronto have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The St. Regis Toronto has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The St. Regis Toronto? Yes, there is a gym available to The St. Regis Toronto guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The St. Regis Toronto? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at The St. Regis Toronto, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The St. Regis Toronto, Toronto? C$ 505 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The St. Regis Toronto, with average deals around C$ 736 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at The St. Regis Toronto? There is a restaurant located in The St. Regis Toronto. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does The St. Regis Toronto have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is The St. Regis Toronto from Rogers Centre? You can walk to Rogers Centre while staying at The St. Regis Toronto - you’ll be about 1.2 km away. Is The St. Regis Toronto close to Royal Ontario Museum? 2.3 km - making Royal Ontario Museum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The St. Regis Toronto. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The St. Regis Toronto Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
