https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Mirage.htm
The Mirage Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,749 The Mirage Hotel and Casino The Mirage Hotel and Casino Hotel 3400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 3,605 reviews 7.9 C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Mirage Hotel and Casino Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Mirage Hotel and Casino Boasting a lava-flowing volcano, an aquarium and a dolphin habitat, The Mirage is ideal for those seeking a unique stay in Las Vegas. Guests also have exclusive access to the casino and 1 OAK nightclu... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.8 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 791 7111 All policies Amenities at The Mirage Hotel and Casino Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Slippers Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Mirage Hotel and Casino Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to The Mirage Hotel and Casino Best Western Plus Casino Royale 7.9 Good 3411 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, Best Western Plus Casino Royale - On The Strip offers modern 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. It is situated a short stroll from The Mirage, The Colosseum at Caesars Palace and Caesars Palace. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel With its very own casino, Tao and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel offers a host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Harrah's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.7 Good 3475 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Harrah's Las Vegas Hotel & Casino offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a swimming pool, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Treasure Island - TI Hotel & Casino, a Radisson Hotel 7.9 Good 3300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring views of Las Vegas Strip, TI - Treasure Island Hotel & Casino is situated in Las Vegas and features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool so guests can unwind during their stay. It is located a short stroll from The Mirage and Wynn Las Vegas. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Excalibur Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located within a 10-minute walk of Greyhound Bus Station, Four Queens Hotel and Casino is a convenient base when visiting Las Vegas. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 182 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 193 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 456 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Mirage Hotel and Casino 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 3,605 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.8Families 7.7Solo 8.1Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Mirage Hotel and Casino All photos (53) Bedroom (21) Living room (9) Outdoors view (5) Bathroom (4) Where is The Mirage Hotel and Casino Most Popular Landmarks High Roller0.6 km Fountains of Bellagio0.9 km Crystals at City Center1.4 km MGM Grand Garden Arena1.9 km Sam's Town10.0 km TPC Summerlin13.7 km Getting Around Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel0.2 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd0.3 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip0.3 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel0.8 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.9 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd14.9 km FAQs when booking at The Mirage Hotel and Casino Is pricing at The Mirage Hotel and Casino comparable to 4 star hotels in Las Vegas? In Las Vegas, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 203. The expected nightly rate for The Mirage Hotel and Casino is around C$ 269; a price that is 1% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Mirage Hotel and Casino to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Las Vegas. How close is The Mirage Hotel and Casino to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 4.5 km drive between The Mirage Hotel and Casino and Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 03m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to The Mirage Hotel and Casino? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Mirage Hotel and Casino guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. Is The Mirage Hotel and Casino considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Mirage Hotel and Casino. Is there a pool at The Mirage Hotel and Casino? Yes, The Mirage Hotel and Casino has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Mirage Hotel and Casino from the Las Vegas city center? The Mirage Hotel and Casino is just 0.8 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From The Mirage Hotel and Casino you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the The Mirage Hotel and Casino phone number? For questions about The Mirage Hotel and Casino and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 702 791 7111. Does The Mirage Hotel and Casino have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Mirage Hotel and Casino has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Mirage Hotel and Casino? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Mirage Hotel and Casino. What is the check-out time at The Mirage Hotel and Casino? The Mirage Hotel and Casino has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Mirage Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas? The Mirage Hotel and Casino room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 269/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 21/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Mirage Hotel and Casino? The Mirage Hotel and Casino does have a restaurant. A bar is also available on-site. Does The Mirage Hotel and Casino have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Mirage Hotel and Casino. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Mirage Hotel and Casino from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at The Mirage Hotel and Casino - you’ll be about 0.9 km away. Is The Mirage Hotel and Casino close to Thomas and Mack Center? 3.2 km - making Thomas and Mack Center a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Mirage Hotel and Casino. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,749 The Mirage Hotel and Casino Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
