https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Midtown_Hotel_Boston.htm
The Midtown Hotel, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Midtown Hotel The Midtown Hotel Hotel 220 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States C$ 265 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Midtown Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Midtown Hotel Opened in 1962, Midtown Hotel Boston is located in Boston and offers a hair salon, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.8 km Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 262 1000 All policies Amenities at The Midtown Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Restaurant Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Pool Gift shop EV charging station Elevator Laundry facilities Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Beauty salon Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Spa Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to The Midtown Hotel Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to The Midtown Hotel The Inn at St Botolph 8.9 Excellent 99 Saint Botolph Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Worcester Square Bus Station, Inn at St Botolph offers guests an ideal base when in Boston. The various amenities this historic inn has to offer include massage services, bicycle rental and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals Copley House 7.8 Good 239 West Newton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Copley House is set in Boston and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including the Boston Public Library. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Boston Hotel 8.0 Excellent 39 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station, Sheraton Boston Hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Boston. Guests also have exclusive access to the Green Tangerine Spa & Salon and Sheraton Fitness. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Boston Back Bay 8.0 Excellent 40 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, Hilton Boston Back Bay offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Newbury Street. It also features a rooftop terrace, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of The Midtown Hotel All photos (11) Bedroom (3) Lounge (2) Conference room (1) Living room (1) Where is The Midtown Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Prudential Center0.3 km Copley Place0.5 km Museum of Fine Arts1.0 km Fenway Park1.2 km Boston Common1.9 km Quincy Market3.0 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street0.3 km Boston Back Bay0.7 km Boston Park Plaza1.5 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.8 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave2.0 km Boston 85 Bedford St2.2 km FAQs when booking at The Midtown Hotel How close is The Midtown Hotel to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 6.6 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and The Midtown Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 05m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to The Midtown Hotel? Getting from Boston Logan Intl Airport to The Midtown Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 60/day in Boston. Luckily, The Midtown Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Midtown Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at The Midtown Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at The Midtown Hotel? Yes, The Midtown Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Midtown Hotel from the Boston city center? The Midtown Hotel is 0.8 km away from the center of Back Bay, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Fine Arts, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Midtown Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the The Midtown Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Midtown Hotel at +1 617 262 1000. Does The Midtown Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Midtown Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Midtown Hotel? The Midtown Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at The Midtown Hotel? The Midtown Hotel does have a restaurant. Does The Midtown Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Midtown Hotel. How far is The Midtown Hotel from Museum of Science? The popular Museum of Science is just over 2.8 km from The Midtown Hotel. Is The Midtown Hotel close to New England Aquarium? 3.3 km - making New England Aquarium a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Midtown Hotel. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Midtown Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
