https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Ritz_Carlton_Residences_Waikiki_Beach_Hotel.htm
The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotel 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 208 reviews 8.9 C$ 800 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently locate... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.1 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 10.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 922 8111 All policies Amenities at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Slippers Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Water slide Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Spa Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at Trump International Hotel Waikiki in Honolulu (Waikiki), you'll be steps from Waikiki Beach Walk and 7 minutes by foot from Royal Hawaiian Center. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-out. Planning an event in Honolulu? This hotel has facilities measuring 350 square feet (32 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Holiday Inn Express Waikiki 7.8 Good 2058 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express Waikiki is located in Honolulu and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It provides a spa, as well as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 288 Avg. per night View Deals Luana Waikiki Hotel & Suites 8.4 Excellent 2045 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Luana Waikiki Hotel & Suites is located in Honolulu and offers free Wi-Fi. The multiple amenities this cosy resort features include an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a sun deck. C$ 254 Avg. per night View Deals Regency On Beachwalk Waikiki By Outrigger 4.4 Okay 255 Beachwalk, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Waikiki, Regency on Beachwalk Waikiki by Outrigger is a short walk from Spahalekulani. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 387 Avg. per night View Deals Aqua Oasis 8.2 Excellent 320 Lewers Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Waikiki, this 3-star resort is within a short walk of Waikiki Beach and International Market Place. It is moments from Royal Hawaiian Center, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 2023 Kalia Road, Waikiki, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 611 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 209 verified guest reviews 9.2Solo 9.5Friends 8.8Families 9.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Living room (13) Outdoors view (9) Balcony (7) Where is The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.6 km Kuhio Beach Park1.1 km Honolulu Zoo1.8 km FAQs when booking at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach How close is The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 10.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 58/day and parking it at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach? Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach from the Honolulu city center? The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach is 0 km away from the center of Waikiki, Honolulu. Consider visiting Pearl Harbor, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach by various forms of transportation. What is the The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach please call +1 808 922 8111. Does The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. What is the check-out time at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu? A good deal at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach right now is between C$ 602 and C$ 927 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach? The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach from Diamond Head State Monument? The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach is a good place to stay to see Diamond Head State Monument. It’s 3.4 km away. Is The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach close to Honolulu Museum of Art? If you want to see Honolulu Museum of Art while visiting Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach is just 3.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
