https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Sukosol_Hotel.htm
The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Hotel 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 596 reviews 8.3 C$ 86 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Located in Bangkok, The Sukosol Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Pratunam Market and offers free private parking on site. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lotus Spa and Swimming Pool. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Distance to airport 24.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 247 0123 All policies Amenities at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Fruits Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush Children's high chair City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Books, DVDs, music for children Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 144 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers 8.4 Excellent 2 Charoen Krung Soi 30, Siphya, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Discover Thailand's iconic capital city from the refined comforts of Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers. Situated riverside on the enchanting Chao Phraya River, our 5-star hotel is truly distinctive. Begin your stay in one of our compelling guest rooms and suites, all of which showcase sweeping, unobstructed Bangkok river views, plush bedding and sparkling marble bathrooms. After a refreshing night's sleep, dine at one of our several on-site restaurants and bars. Two resort-style swimming pools beckon you to unwind al fresco with a cocktail in hand. Our hotel amenities include lush meditation gardens, tennis courts and fitness. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Anajak Bangkok Hotel 8.8 Excellent 65/5 Phayathai Road (Soi Golit), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Anajak Bangkok Hotel is located in Bangkok and features an indoor pool. The various facilities this luxury hotel offers include a concierge, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Lemontea Hotel 8.8 Excellent 55 Soi. Petchaburi 15, Petchaburi Road, Pratunam, Ratchatewi, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This Bangkok hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of BTS Phaya Thai Train Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is included free of charge. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Baiyoke Sky Hotel 7.9 Good Ratchaprarop Road, Ratchathewi,222, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Standing 88 stories high, Baiyoke Sky Hotel is the tallest hotel in Thailand and promotes its height with an observation deck where guests can take in the sights of Bangkok. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 4-star rooms and a bar. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Marwin Villa 8.4 Excellent 37 Petchaburi Soi 15 Petchaburi Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, just a 10-minute walk from BTS Phaya Thai Train Station, Marwin Villa provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Platinum Fashion Mall and Pratunam Market. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.9 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 599 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.2Families 8.4Friends 8.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date T 8.9 Great Thao, Jan. 2019 we got the family suite upgrade. Spacious and clean. good location train station only across the road. 2 stops from Siam square so great location for shopping Photos of The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok All photos (60) Bedroom (19) Restaurant (7) Bar (5) Spa (4) Where is The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Pratunam0.7 km Centralworld1.3 km Siam Square1.5 km MBK Center1.6 km Central World Plaza1.7 km Patpong Night Market3.3 km Getting Around Bangkok Royal Thai Army Medical Department 20.2 km Bangkok Phaya Thai Bts0.3 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Ratchathewi0.3 km Bangkok Soi Rang Nam 20.4 km Bangkok Ptt Police Station0.4 km Bangkok PTT Petrol station (near the Victory Monument)0.4 km FAQs when booking at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Is pricing at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? Nightly rates at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok will generally be 62% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Bangkok. When staying at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 94/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Bangkok for a 5-stars hotel. How close is The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With a distance of 18.9 km between The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok and the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 45/day in Bangkok. Luckily, The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok? Yes. Many people visiting Bangkok look for a hotel with a pool. The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok is 0.4 km away from the center of Ratchathewi, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok by various forms of transportation. What is the The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok phone number? For questions about The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +66 2 247 0123. Does The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok? The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok? The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 94/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 53/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok, Bangkok. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok from Victory Monument? The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from Victory Monument, Bangkok. Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
