https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Royal_Hawaiian_A_Luxury_Collection_Resort_Waikiki.htm
The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Resort 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 258 reviews 8.6 C$ 666 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Set in Waikiki, this modern resort offers guests a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also boasts panoramic ocean and garden views, plus overlooks Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. More Good to Know To Downtown 4.5 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 11.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 923 7311 All policies Amenities at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Walk-in shower Water slide Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Horse riding Playground Hiking Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Top Honolulu hotels The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at Trump International Hotel Waikiki in Honolulu (Waikiki), you'll be steps from Waikiki Beach Walk and 7 minutes by foot from Royal Hawaiian Center. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-out. Planning an event in Honolulu? This hotel has facilities measuring 350 square feet (32 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Sheraton Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2255 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Showcasing an oceanfront swimming pool, a 70-foot water slide and nightly Hawaiian entertainment, Sheraton Waikiki promises guests a fun and relaxing experience in Honolulu. Offering free wireless internet, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. C$ 599 Avg. per night View Deals Imperial Hawaii Resort at Waikiki 8.3 Excellent 205 Lewers Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Waikiki resort is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Waikiki Beach, Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel and Royal Hawaiian Center. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals Halekulani 9.3 Excellent 2199 Kalia Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Halekulani provides stylish, 5-star accommodation close to Spahalekulani. Guests can also expect luxury as the resort features a rooftop terrace, a heated pool, a limousine service and views of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. C$ 953 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk 8.7 Excellent 201 Beachwalk Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk provides tranquil 4-star accommodation in Honolulu. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a heated pool, a sun deck and a Jacuzzi. C$ 489 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 258 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.7Couples 9.4Solo 8.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date A 7.2 Good Anonymous, Jul. 2018 nice hotel with beautiful surrounds but apart from one concierge and a valet guy the rest of the staff appeared to not be enjoying their work and weren’t very helpful. S 9.7 Excellent Stuart, Aug. 2017 food was only ok Photos of The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki All photos (59) Bedroom (11) Restaurant (7) Balcony (6) Living room (6) Where is The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.2 km Kuhio Beach Park0.7 km Honolulu Zoo1.4 km FAQs when booking at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki How close is The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? There are 11.1 km between the closest airport, Honolulu Airport, and The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 08m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki? Getting from Honolulu Airport to The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 58/day in Honolulu. Luckily, The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Honolulu often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki using any means of transportation. What is the The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki phone number? The best way to contact The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is by calling +1 808 923 7311. Does The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki. What is the check-out time at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki, Honolulu? A good deal at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki right now is between C$ 445 and C$ 661 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki, Honolulu. A bar is also available on-site. Does The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki from Diamond Head State Monument? You can walk to Diamond Head State Monument while staying at The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki - you’ll be about 3.1 km away. Is The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki close to Honolulu Museum of Art? The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Honolulu Museum of Art, which is 3.5 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
