https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/The_Hague-vacation-rentals.htm
The Hague, the Netherlands Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in The Hague, the Netherlands Search and compare The Hague, the Netherlands vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save The Hague, Netherlands 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests The Hague, Netherlands Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 Zuid-Holland Hotels 2,642 The Hague Hotels 503 The Hague Vacation Rentals 309 Cheapest vacation rentals in The Hague, the Netherlands Show all 503 hotels Comfort-Inn Nieuwe Parklaan 68, The Hague, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, The Hague, Netherlands Comfort-Inn The Hague is located in The Hague and provides free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Hotelschool The Hague, it offers comfortable apartments equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals Stayci Apartments Museumpark Deluxe 7.1 Good Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Rotterdam, Netherlands Museumpark Apartments is located in Rotterdam and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is close to De Doelen, shops and nightlife options. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Stayci Serviced Apartments Central Station 8.6 Excellent The Hague, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, The Hague, Netherlands Stayci Serviced Apartments Central Station provides a comfortable setting when in The Hague. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Den Haag Centraal Railway Station. C$ 179 Avg. per night View Deals Bizstay Harbour Scheveningen Apartments 9.8 Excellent The Hague, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, The Hague, Netherlands BizStay Harbour Scheveningen Apartments is located in The Hague and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Bed & Breakfast Studio's The Hague 5.2 Okay The Hague, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, The Hague, Netherlands Budget Beach Studios is situated in The Hague and features free wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 552 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in The Hague 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Comfort-Inn Nieuwe Parklaan 68, The Hague, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands C$ 121 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in The Hague Hotels in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam Utrecht Rotterdam Zaandam Haarlem Badhoevedorp Schiphol Holten Arnhem Maastricht Show more Vacation rentals in popular the Netherlands cities Amsterdam Utrecht Rotterdam Haarlem Holten Arnhem The Hague Maastricht Zandvoort Alkmaar Show more Hotels in popular The Hague neighbourhoods Scheveningen, The Hague vacation rentals Centrum, The Hague vacation rentals Haagse Hout, The Hague vacation rentals Facts about staying in The Hague How much does a vacation rental in The Hague cost? The Hague vacation rentals are C$ 164/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, November is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in The Hague, and May is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 83/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 145/night or less is still considered a good deal. What’s the closest vacation rental to Rotterdam The Hague Airport? It’s only 5.1 km from Rotterdam The Hague Airport to Stayci Apartments Museumpark Deluxe (the nearest The Hague vacation rental to the airport). What part of The Hague is best to stay in? Feijenoord is the best part of The Hague to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at The Hague vacation rentals, 86% of them looked for stays in the Feijenoord neighbourhood in the last year. The Wikkelboat Nr1 at Floating Rotterdam Rijnhaven happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Feijenoord neighbourhood of The Hague. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in The Hague? Yes, there are 11 Aparthotel vacation rentals in The Hague. According to our data, B-aparthotel Kennedy is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 Zuid-Holland Hotels 2,642 The Hague Hotels 503 The Hague Vacation Rentals 309 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
