https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Sydney_Boutique_Inn_Suites.htm
The Sydney Boutique Inn, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Sydney Boutique Inn The Sydney Boutique Inn Inn 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 557 reviews 9.6 C$ 186 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Sydney Boutique Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Sydney Boutique Inn Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. This 5-star inn offers a conc... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 9.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 855 372 0888 All policies Amenities at The Sydney Boutique Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Shower cap Oven Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Bathtub Soundproofing Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Golf Kids' outdoor play equipment Streaming service Playground Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to The Sydney Boutique Inn Top Charlottetown hotels Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals The Holman Grand Hotel 8.9 Excellent 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Holman Grand Hotel places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Confederation Centre of the Arts and Province House National Historic Site of Canada. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map From the moment you step into the grand lobby of this historic property with its marble floors and barrel vaulted ceilings you will be surrounded by the historic elegance. Built in 1932 by CN Railways, it is a class apart from all other Island hotels. All rooms are tastefully decorated with modern amenities, a truly distinctive hotel. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to The Sydney Boutique Inn Charlottetown Inn & Conference Centre 4.9 Okay 238 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Charlottetown Inn & Conference Centre provides a comfortable setting while in Charlottetown. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a beauty centre. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Inn on the Harbour 9.2 Excellent 3 Hillsborough Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Charlottetown, Inn on the Harbour Charlottetown is a short walk from Province House and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Fairholm National Historic Inn provides a comfortable setting when in Charlottetown. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Mermaid Suites 143 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Mermaid Suites is situated in Charlottetown and is a short stroll from Province House and St. Dunstan's Basilica. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Glendenning Hall 9.4 Excellent 331 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Glendenning Hall at Holland College is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of local sightseeing spots, such as Province House. It is ideally located for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Sydney Boutique Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.6 ExcellentBased on 557 verified guest reviews 9.4Solo 9.5Couples 9.8Friends 9.6Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Sydney Boutique Inn All photos (27) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (4) Living room (4) Building (2) Where is The Sydney Boutique Inn Most Popular Landmarks The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum1.0 km PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation1.1 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.2 km FAQs when booking at The Sydney Boutique Inn Is pricing at The Sydney Boutique Inn comparable to 5 star hotels in Charlottetown? Hotels in Charlottetown that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 159/night, but on average, The Sydney Boutique Inn is available for 21% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn for C$ 171/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Charlottetown. How close is The Sydney Boutique Inn to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Charlottetown Airport, and The Sydney Boutique Inn is 5.5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 04m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to The Sydney Boutique Inn? Getting from Charlottetown Airport to The Sydney Boutique Inn can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 59/day in Charlottetown. Luckily, The Sydney Boutique Inn has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is The Sydney Boutique Inn from the Charlottetown city center? The Sydney Boutique Inn is just 0.6 km away from the center of Charlottetown. You can easily get to other landmarks from The Sydney Boutique Inn, including The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the The Sydney Boutique Inn phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 855 372 0888 to talk to a The Sydney Boutique Inn front desk representative. Does The Sydney Boutique Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Sydney Boutique Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Sydney Boutique Inn? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at The Sydney Boutique Inn. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn, Charlottetown? C$ 144 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The Sydney Boutique Inn, with average deals around C$ 171 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does The Sydney Boutique Inn have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Sydney Boutique Inn. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Sydney Boutique Inn from Confederation Centre of the Arts? The popular Confederation Centre of the Arts is just over 0.6 km from The Sydney Boutique Inn. Is The Sydney Boutique Inn close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? The distance from The Sydney Boutique Inn to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation is 1.1 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Sydney Boutique Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
