https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Pyramid_at_Grand_Oasis_All_Inclusive.htm
The Pyramid at Grand Oasis, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Pyramid at Grand Oasis The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Hotel Blvd. Kukulcan, Km. 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 1,273 reviews 7.1 C$ 284 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Providing an in-house night club and a beauty centre, The Pyramid at Grand Oasis - All Inclusive is located in Cancun and boasts 5-star accommodation. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, outdoor... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.3 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 11.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 881 7000 All policies Amenities at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Lake view Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Night club Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Aerobics Snorkeling Bingo Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Karaoke Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Public bath Table tennis Playground Pool table Water sport facilities (on site) Outdoor tennis Basketball court Massage Show more Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Grand Oasis Cancun 6.3 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 16.5 Lote 45 46 y 47 Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Guests of this elegant resort will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site spa and wellness centre, all located a quick car ride from the heart of Cancun. It also provides outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Omni Cancun Hotel & Villas 8.5 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan, L-48 KM. 16.5 M.53, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Omni Cancun Hotel & Villas All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers elegant accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool, a waterfall pool and a basketball court. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun 8.7 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan Km 16.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun - All Inclusive provides an elegant setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 419 Avg. per night View Deals Emporio Cancun 8.2 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Retorno Gucumatz, Km.17, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a private beach and an outdoor pool, Emporio Cancun is located in Cancun and offers peaceful accommodation. The resort offers a sauna, as well as rooms with private terraces. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Pyramid at Grand Oasis 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 1,273 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 6.8Solo 6.7Friends 7.0Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Pyramid at Grand Oasis All photos (36) Other (8) Pool (5) Bedroom (3) Restaurant (3) Where is The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Most Popular Landmarks Iberostar Golf Club Cancun1.5 km Playa Delfines2.0 km Playa Gaviota Azul6.8 km Playa Tortugas6.9 km Puerto Cancun9.7 km Getting Around Cancún Museo Maya0.2 km Cancún Paradisus0.7 km Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort1.1 km Cancún Jw Marriott Resort & Spa1.2 km Cancún Hard Rock Hotel1.4 km Cancún Secrets The Vine Hotel1.5 km FAQs when booking at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis How close is The Pyramid at Grand Oasis to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 11.5 km drive between The Pyramid at Grand Oasis and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 08m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to The Pyramid at Grand Oasis? Getting from Cancun Airport to The Pyramid at Grand Oasis can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, The Pyramid at Grand Oasis has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis? Yes, The Pyramid at Grand Oasis has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Pyramid at Grand Oasis from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 6.4 km away from the front doors of The Pyramid at Grand Oasis. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Plaza de Toros, which you can get to from The Pyramid at Grand Oasis using any means of transportation. What is the The Pyramid at Grand Oasis phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Pyramid at Grand Oasis at +52 998 881 7000. Does The Pyramid at Grand Oasis have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Pyramid at Grand Oasis has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis? Yes, there is a gym available to The Pyramid at Grand Oasis guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis? The Pyramid at Grand Oasis has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis, Cancún? On average, guests have been paying C$ 337 per night to stay at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 176 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Pyramid at Grand Oasis restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Pyramid at Grand Oasis have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Pyramid at Grand Oasis. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Pyramid at Grand Oasis from Playa Delfines? The popular Playa Delfines is just over 2 km from The Pyramid at Grand Oasis. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Pyramid at Grand Oasis Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
