https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Los_Angeles_Airport.htm
The Westin Los Angeles Airport, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 The Westin Los Angeles Airport The Westin Los Angeles Airport Hotel 5400 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 3,034 reviews 7.9 C$ 170 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Los Angeles Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Los Angeles Airport Situated in Los Angeles, the hotel has direct access to Los Angeles International Airport and features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a free shuttle service. It also offers an express check-in and check-ou... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.2 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 3.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 216 5858 All policies Amenities at The Westin Los Angeles Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Spa bath Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Cycling Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Fitness centre Horse riding Bowling Windsurfing Hiking Services Babysitting or child care Car rental Wake-up service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Spa 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Los Angeles Airport Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to The Westin Los Angeles Airport La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX 7.4 Good 5249 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel La Quinta Inn & Suites LAX provides luxury 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. It has a fitness centre, as well as a free shuttle service, ski passes and an outdoor pool. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Los Angeles - LAX Airport 7.4 Good 9901 South La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Los Angeles International Airport provides 3-star accommodation in Los Angeles. The various facilities this modern hotel features include an executive floor, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Los Angeles Airport 7.2 Good 5711 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hilton Los Angeles Airport is situated in Los Angeles and provides modern accommodation. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an executive floor and a free shuttle service. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Los Angeles Airport Marriott 7.8 Good 5855 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Los Angeles Airport Marriott is located in Los Angeles and offers modern accommodation. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Los Angeles Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 3,034 verified guest reviews 7.9Friends 7.9Solo 7.9Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date R 8.7 Great Richard, Oct. 2019 Nice room at a very reasonable price. C 10.0 Excellent Chloe, Jun. 2018 Everything was great. Took the shuttle to and from the Airport, check-in was fast and friendly, the room was spacious and clean. Photos of The Westin Los Angeles Airport All photos (60) Conference room (13) Bedroom (9) Living room (9) Restaurant (7) Where is The Westin Los Angeles Airport Most Popular Landmarks California Science Center11.3 km Westfield Century City13.4 km Santa Monica State Beach14.3 km STAPLES Center14.7 km L.A. Live15.0 km Little Tokyo16.9 km Getting Around Los Angeles Lax Holiday Inn0.4 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel1.5 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd12.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)12.2 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.2 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Los Angeles Airport Is pricing at The Westin Los Angeles Airport comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? The average rate for a night at The Westin Los Angeles Airport is 63% less than the Los Angeles average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Westin Los Angeles Airport is typically C$ 204, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Los Angeles. How close is The Westin Los Angeles Airport to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At 3.1 km away, Los Angeles Airport is the closest airport to The Westin Los Angeles Airport. The average expected drive time from The Westin Los Angeles Airport to Los Angeles Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to The Westin Los Angeles Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at The Westin Los Angeles Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Many The Westin Los Angeles Airport guests take the airport shuttle from Los Angeles Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Los Angeles. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Westin Los Angeles Airport considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at The Westin Los Angeles Airport are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at The Westin Los Angeles Airport? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Los Angeles often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Westin Los Angeles Airport for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Westin Los Angeles Airport from the Los Angeles city center? The Westin Los Angeles Airport is 3 km away from the center of Westchester, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Westin Los Angeles Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the The Westin Los Angeles Airport phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 310 216 5858. Does The Westin Los Angeles Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Westin Los Angeles Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Los Angeles Airport? The Westin Los Angeles Airport does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at The Westin Los Angeles Airport? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Los Angeles Airport, Los Angeles? A good deal at The Westin Los Angeles Airport right now is between C$ 141 and C$ 204 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Los Angeles Airport? There is a restaurant located in The Westin Los Angeles Airport. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Westin Los Angeles Airport have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Westin Los Angeles Airport. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 The Westin Los Angeles Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
