https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Knickerbocker.htm
The Knickerbocker, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Knickerbocker The Knickerbocker Hotel 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 1,261 reviews 8.4 C$ 397 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Knickerbocker Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Knickerbocker This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. This luxury hote... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 204 4980 All policies Amenities at The Knickerbocker Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Storage available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Cycling Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Knickerbocker Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Knickerbocker Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central 7.6 Good 136 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is just a quick walk to the New York Public Library. It is close to Times Square, dining options and shops. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Millennium Premier New York Times Square 7.0 Good 133 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, and offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is moments from Times Square and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mela Times Square 7.0 Good 120 West 44th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, Hotel Mela offers 4-star accommodation and luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is close to Times Square, eateries and shops. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Times Square New York 8.5 Excellent 135 West 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in New York City, Hyatt Centric Times Square New York provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It also features a rooftop terrace with city views. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals Refinery Hotel - New York 8.2 Excellent 63 West 38th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, Refinery Hotel offers modern accommodation with superior amenities. It is located a brief walk from Empire State Building, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Knickerbocker 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 1,261 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.2Solo 8.3Couples 8.4Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date M 9.5 Excellent mwi83, Nov. 2017 fantastic Photos of The Knickerbocker All photos (60) Bedroom (17) Bar (5) Bathroom (5) Lounge (5) Where is The Knickerbocker Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.4 km Bryant Park0.4 km Broadway0.6 km Empire State Building0.8 km Madison Square Garden0.8 km Grand Central Terminal0.8 km Getting Around New York 201 West 37th St0.4 km New York Port Authority0.4 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.5 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.5 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.6 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.8 km FAQs when booking at The Knickerbocker Is pricing at The Knickerbocker comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 1,217/night, but on average, The Knickerbocker is available for 59% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Knickerbocker for C$ 682/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is The Knickerbocker to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 21.7 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to The Knickerbocker. The average expected drive time from The Knickerbocker to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Knickerbocker? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Knickerbocker considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Knickerbocker. How close is The Knickerbocker from the New York city center? The Knickerbocker is just 0.3 km away from the center of Midtown, New York. From The Knickerbocker you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the The Knickerbocker phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 204 4980. Does The Knickerbocker have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Knickerbocker has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Knickerbocker? Yes, there is a gym available to The Knickerbocker guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Knickerbocker? The Knickerbocker check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Knickerbocker, New York? The Knickerbocker room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 682/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 259/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Knickerbocker? Yes - The Knickerbocker does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Knickerbocker have a laundry service? The Knickerbocker does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Knickerbocker from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.7 km from The Knickerbocker. Is The Knickerbocker close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, The Knickerbocker is just 0.4 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Knickerbocker Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
