https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Lagunamar_Ocean_Resort_Villas_Spa_Cancun.htm
The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Resort Km 12.5 Boulevard Kukulcan, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 287 reviews 8.2 C$ 418 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Located in Cancun, the resort is within a 25-minute drive of Cancun International Airport and offers outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also features miniature golf, a Jacu... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.6 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 14.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 891 4200 All policies Amenities at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Kid-friendly Fan Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Living room Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Sea view Elevator Clothes dryer Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Deadbolt locks Dishes Emergency exit Fitness room Microwave Snack bar Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Bathtub Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Telephone Emergency contact numbers Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Cleaning products Tumble dryer Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Washing machine Water slide DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Fitness centre Tennis Kids' club Mini-golf Table tennis Playground Basketball court Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Live Aqua Beach Resort Cancun 8.7 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan Km.12.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated just a few steps from La Isla Shopping Village, this stylish resort offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, make for a satisfying stay in Cancun. C$ 629 Avg. per night View Deals Beach Palace 9.1 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Beach Palace-All Inclusive provides a modern setting when in Cancun. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 500 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nyx Cancun 8.0 Excellent Avenida Kukulcan KM 11.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Treating guests to a superb infinity pool overlooking the sea, Hotel NYX Cancun is situated in Cancun and features a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and a private beach. There is also a fitness centre with an infinity pool. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Flamingo Cancun Resort 7.0 Good Blvd. Kukulcan Km. 11, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Offering a private beach and an outdoor pool, this 4-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 287 verified guest reviews 6.4Solo 8.4Couples 8.3Families 8.1Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun All photos (44) Pool (7) Bedroom (5) Restaurant (5) Other (5) Where is The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul3.2 km Playa Tortugas3.4 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun5.2 km Playa Delfines5.7 km Puerto Cancun7.3 km Getting Around Cancún Live Aqua Beach Resort0.2 km Cancún Ado Plaza Kukulcan0.7 km Cancún Plaza Flamingos1.1 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor10.9 km Cancún All Ritmo Resort11.2 km Cancún Ado López Portillo11.8 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun How close is The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At 14.3 km away, Cancun Airport is the closest airport to The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun. The average expected drive time from The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun to Cancun Airport is 0h 11m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun? For the most freedom while visiting Cancún, consider renting a car for about C$ 20/day and parking it at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun? Yes, The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 2.7 km away from the front doors of The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun using any means of transportation. What is the The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun please call +52 998 891 4200. Does The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun. What is the check-out time at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun? 10:00 AM is the check-out time at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun, Cancún? Prices at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 475, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 341. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun from Delphinus Punta Cancún? You can walk to Delphinus Punta Cancún while staying at The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun - you’ll be about 3.7 km away. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
