https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Toronto_Airport.htm
The Westin Toronto Airport, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Westin Toronto Airport The Westin Toronto Airport Hotel 950 Dixon Road, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 313 reviews 7.8 C$ 253 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Toronto Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Toronto Airport The Westin Toronto Airport provides modern 4-star accommodation in Toronto. It also offers a sauna, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. There are a variety of facili... More Good to Know To Downtown 17.8 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport Torrington Distance to airport 2000.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 675 9444 All policies Amenities at The Westin Toronto Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Long-term parking (surcharge) Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Toronto Airport Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The Westin Toronto Airport Holiday Inn Toronto International Airport 7.2 Good 970 Dixon Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Just a 10-minute drive from Pearson Airport, Holiday Inn Toronto International Airport offers convenient accommodation and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. This property is conveniently located in Etobicoke. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Airport 8.2 Excellent 925 Dixon Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Doubletree By Hilton Toronto Airport provides a stylish setting when in Toronto. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 206 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Toronto Airport 8.5 Excellent 262 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Embassy Suites By Hilton Toronto Airport provides modern 3-star accommodation in Toronto. It features comfortable rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Toronto Airport 8.2 Excellent 231 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Courtyard by Marriott Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, make for a satisfying stay in Toronto. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Toronto Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 313 verified guest reviews 7.5Solo 7.3Families 7.1Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date P 8.5 Great pdrg, Jul. 2019 stay was terrific and the hotel was great had. Trouble getting a receipt from Snap Photos of The Westin Toronto Airport All photos (37) Conference room (8) Bedroom (5) Bathroom (4) Living room (3) Where is The Westin Toronto Airport Most Popular Landmarks Downsview Park11.3 km Yorkdale Shopping Centre12.5 km Bloor Street West Annex15.5 km BMO Field15.6 km Ricoh Coliseum15.9 km Rogers Centre17.5 km Getting Around Toronto Downsview Park12.1 km Toronto Highway 407 Terminal12.2 km Toronto Bloor12.3 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St12.7 km Toronto York University13.7 km Toronto 34 Asquith Ave17.2 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Toronto Airport Is pricing at The Westin Toronto Airport comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? Hotels in Toronto that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 291/night, but on average, The Westin Toronto Airport is available for 34% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Westin Toronto Airport for C$ 259/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Toronto. How close is The Westin Toronto Airport to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and The Westin Toronto Airport is 1.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Westin Toronto Airport? For the most freedom while visiting Toronto, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at The Westin Toronto Airport where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Many The Westin Toronto Airport guests take the airport shuttle from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport back to the hotel because renting a car is not necessary for their stay in Toronto. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Westin Toronto Airport considered pet-friendly? The Westin Toronto Airport is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The Westin Toronto Airport. Is there a pool at The Westin Toronto Airport? Yes. Many people visiting Toronto look for a hotel with a pool. The Westin Toronto Airport has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Westin Toronto Airport from the Toronto city center? The Westin Toronto Airport is 2.9 km away from the center of West Humber-Clairville, Toronto. Consider visiting Rogers Centre, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Westin Toronto Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the The Westin Toronto Airport phone number? The best way to contact The Westin Toronto Airport is by calling +1 416 675 9444. Does The Westin Toronto Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Westin Toronto Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Toronto Airport? The Westin Toronto Airport does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at The Westin Toronto Airport? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Toronto Airport, Toronto? On average, guests have been paying C$ 259 per night to stay at The Westin Toronto Airport. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 199 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Toronto Airport? Yes - The Westin Toronto Airport does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Westin Toronto Airport have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Westin Toronto Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
