https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Salil_Hotel_Sukhumvit_57_Thonglor.htm
The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Hotel 24 Soi Sukhumvit 57, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 242 reviews 8.3 C$ 96 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Situated in Bangkok, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is within walking distance of the Bangkok Planetarium and provides a Jacuzzi and a saltwater swimming pool. It offers 5-star accommodation ... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.4 km Rating 8.3 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 072 2882 All policies Amenities at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pyjamas Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Free parking Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Saltwater pool Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Bathtub Soundproofing Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Swimming pool toys Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Toothbrush City view Cleaning products Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Game room Bingo Fitness centre Indoor play area Karaoke Pay-per-view channels Library Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Photocopier service Tour desk Key access 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Hotel Nikko Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 27 Soi Sukhumvit 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Bangkok, Hotel Nikko Bangkok is within a 40-minute drive of Suvarnabhumi Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Bangkok Marriott Hotel Sukhumvit 8.7 Excellent 2 Sukhumvit Soi 57, Klongtan Nua, Wattana, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool, Bangkok Marriott Hotel Sukhumvit is just a five-minute walk from Thong Lo BTS Skytrain Station. It provides views of Bangkok, and offers a rooftop terrace and a sauna. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Somerset Ekamai Bangkok 8.6 Excellent Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel The property is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby attractions, such as the Bangkok Planetarium. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a kids club and a swimming pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor 8.3 Excellent 22 Soi Phrom Phak, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Aspira Tropical Residence Thong Lor is located in Bangkok and features miniature golf. It also has an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 242 verified guest reviews 8.1Solo 8.7Couples 8.0Friends 8.1Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor All photos (57) Bedroom (16) Lobby (6) Restaurant (6) Gym (4) Where is The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Most Popular Landmarks Gateway Ekamai Mall0.8 km Grand Palace10.0 km Central Plaza Ladprao10.4 km Terminal 212.6 km Silom Complex4.9 km Central World Plaza5.0 km Getting Around Bangkok Thong Lo Bts0.2 km Bangkok Bangkok East Bus Terminal (Ekkamai)0.7 km Bangkok Sukhumvit Soi 28 21.0 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts (exit 4)1.2 km Bangkok Phrom Phong Bts1.3 km Bangkok Lotus Rama 41.4 km FAQs when booking at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Is pricing at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor comparable to 5 star hotels in Bangkok? The average rate for a night at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is 61% less than the Bangkok average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is typically C$ 109, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Bangkok. How close is The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.2 km drive between The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor and Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor? Getting from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 52/day in Bangkok. Luckily, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor? Yes, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor from the Bangkok city center? The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is 0.9 km away from the center of Thonglor, Bangkok. Consider visiting Rajamangala Stadium, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor by various forms of transportation. What is the The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +66 2 072 2882. Does The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor. What is the check-out time at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor? The standard check-out time at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor, Bangkok? On average, guests have been paying C$ 109 per night to stay at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 42 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor? The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. Home Thailand Hotels 65,504 Central Thailand Hotels 13,558 Bangkok Hotels 7,904 The Salil Hotel Sukhumvit 57 - Thonglor Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
