https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Grand_at_Moon_Palace_All_Inclusive.htm
The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Aparthotel Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 4 reviews 10.0 C$ 708 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. The Grand at Moon Palace All Inclus... More Good to Know To Downtown 18.6 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 7.3 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 881 6000 All policies Amenities at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Disabled Access Beach towels Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Shops (on site) Room service Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Child pool Enhanced cleaning No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Carbon monoxide detector Air-conditioned Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor furniture Complimentary breakfast Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private beach Bathrobe Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Water slide Storage available Show more Activities Kids toys Bicycle rental Game room Aerobics Evening entertainment Fitness centre Bowling Playground Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Moon Palace Cancun 8.5 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 340, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Guests of this resort will appreciate the seclusion of its private beach and on-site spa and wellness centre, all just a quick drive from the centre of Cancun. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. C$ 534 Avg. per night View Deals Haven Riviera Cancun Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Carretera Federal 307 Chetumal-Puerto Juarez Km 335, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Situated in Cancun, Haven Riviera Cancun offers 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, a private beach and an outdoor pool. It also provides a sauna, valet parking and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 526 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Cancun Aeropuerto 5.0 Okay Carr. Cancun-Aeropuerto Mz. 4 L. 5 Sm. 301, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 6.5 km from current hotel Offering a shuttle to Cancun International Airport, as well as complimentary wireless internet, Cancún Aeropuerto Hotel is a convenient place to stay in Cancun. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Nizuc Resort and Spa 9.2 Excellent Kukulcan Boulevard Km 21 Punta Nizuc, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 6.6 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, Nizuc Resort & Spa provides relaxed 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also features a rooftop terrace, free Wi-Fi and a fitness centre. C$ 732 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa Blvd. Kukulcan km 8.5, Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Modern and cosy, Reflect Cancun Resort & Spa is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool. It features stylish rooms with private balconies overlooking the ocean and the city. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 4 verified guest reviews 10.0Friends 10.0Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun All photos (44) Bedroom (9) Pool (9) Other (7) Restaurant (5) Where is The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Most Popular Landmarks Playa Tortugas17.9 km Playa Gaviota Azul18.2 km Puerto Cancun19.1 km Playa Delfines9.5 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun9.9 km Getting Around Cancún Seadust Cancun Family Resort10.3 km Cancún Museo Maya11.5 km Cancún Paradisus12.1 km Cancún Jw Marriott Resort & Spa12.6 km Cancún Now Sapphire Riviera12.7 km Cancún Hard Rock Hotel12.7 km FAQs when booking at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun How close is The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At 7.3 km away, Cancun Airport is the closest airport to The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun. The average expected drive time from The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun to Cancun Airport is 0h 05m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun? Getting from Cancun Airport to The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 17.7 km away from the front doors of The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun using any means of transportation. What is the The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun phone number? The best way to contact The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun is by calling +52 998 881 6000. Does The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun? The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun, Cancún? C$ 377 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun, with average deals around C$ 1,026 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun have a laundry service? The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
