https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_James_New_York_NoMad.htm
The James New York-NoMad, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The James New York-NoMad The James New York-NoMad Hotel 22 E. 29th St., New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 408 reviews 8.1 C$ 320 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The James New York-NoMad Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The James New York-NoMad This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from Flatiron Building and Empire State Building. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. The James New York-No... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 532 4100 All policies Amenities at The James New York-NoMad Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Radio Raised toilet Roll-in shower Safety deposit box Seating area Secured parking Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Board games/puzzles Books, DVDs, music for children Evening entertainment Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Grocery deliveries Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The James New York-NoMad Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The James New York-NoMad Life Hotel, Nomad 19 West 31st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering 4-star unique accommodation, Life Hotel New York City is conveniently located in Manhattan. Only a short stroll from Empire State Building, it provides modern rooms equipped with slippers, a private bathroom and free wireless internet access. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 31 8.2 Excellent 120 East 31st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, Hotel 31 is a short stroll to several local attractions, including Empire State Building and Madison Square Park. It also offers a concierge, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals The Marmara Park Avenue 8.0 Excellent 114 East 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building. It also offers valet parking, a Turkish steam bath and an indoor pool. C$ 377 Avg. per night View Deals The Paul Hotel Nyc-Chelsea Ascend Hotel Collection 6.7 Good 32 West 29th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, The Paul Hotel NYC-Chelsea an Ascend Hotel Collection Member provides guests with a convenient base while in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The James New York-NoMad 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 408 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 7.8Solo 8.4Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The James New York-NoMad All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Restaurant (9) Living room (7) Lobby (7) Where is The James New York-NoMad Most Popular Landmarks Empire State Building0.4 km Flatiron Building0.5 km Gramercy Park0.8 km Madison Square Garden0.9 km Bryant Park1.0 km Chrysler Building1.1 km Getting Around New York Madison Ave btwn E. 26th and 27th St0.2 km New York 368 Park Ave S0.3 km New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.4 km New York 7th Ave Corner of W 30th St0.7 km New York NY-7th St.0.7 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.9 km FAQs when booking at The James New York-NoMad Is pricing at The James New York-NoMad comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 461/night, but on average, The James New York-NoMad is available for 23% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The James New York-NoMad for C$ 475/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is The James New York-NoMad to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At just 21 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to The James New York-NoMad is 0h 16m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The James New York-NoMad? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The James New York-NoMad can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, The James New York-NoMad has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The James New York-NoMad considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at The James New York-NoMad. How close is The James New York-NoMad from the New York city center? The center of Flatiron District, New York, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of The James New York-NoMad. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from The James New York-NoMad using any means of transportation. What is the The James New York-NoMad phone number? For questions about The James New York-NoMad and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 532 4100. Does The James New York-NoMad have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The James New York-NoMad has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The James New York-NoMad? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at The James New York-NoMad. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The James New York-NoMad, New York? C$ 193 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The James New York-NoMad, with average deals around C$ 475 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at The James New York-NoMad? The James New York-NoMad does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. How far is The James New York-NoMad from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 1.7 km from The James New York-NoMad. Is The James New York-NoMad close to Times Square? 1.6 km - making Times Square a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The James New York-NoMad. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The James New York-NoMad Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
