https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Inn_at_St_Botolph.htm
The Inn at St Botolph, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Inn at St Botolph The Inn at St Botolph Hotel 99 Saint Botolph Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 190 reviews 8.9 C$ 277 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Inn at St Botolph Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Inn at St Botolph Situated within walking distance of Worcester Square Bus Station, Inn at St Botolph offers guests an ideal base when in Boston. The various amenities this historic inn has to offer include massage ser... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.5 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 6.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 236 8099 All policies Amenities at The Inn at St Botolph Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses Quiet street view Radio Non-smoking rooms available Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toaster Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet Kitchenette Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to The Inn at St Botolph Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to The Inn at St Botolph Copley House 7.8 Good 239 West Newton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Copley House is set in Boston and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including the Boston Public Library. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals The Midtown Hotel 220 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Opened in 1962, Midtown Hotel Boston is located in Boston and offers a hair salon, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Marriott Copley Place 8.3 Excellent 110 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, this 4-star property is unique and contemporary. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 258 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Boston Hotel 8.0 Excellent 39 Dalton Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Hynes Convention Center MBTA Station, Sheraton Boston Hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Boston. Guests also have exclusive access to the Green Tangerine Spa & Salon and Sheraton Fitness. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Inn at St Botolph 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 190 verified guest reviews 9.2Families 8.8Solo 9.0Couples 7.9Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Inn at St Botolph All photos (38) Living room (11) Bedroom (10) Room amenity (5) Kitchen (3) Where is The Inn at St Botolph Most Popular Landmarks Prudential Center0.2 km Copley Place0.3 km Museum of Fine Arts1.3 km Fenway Park1.4 km Boston Common1.7 km Quincy Market2.7 km Getting Around Boston 39 Dalton Street0.4 km Boston Back Bay0.5 km Boston Park Plaza1.3 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave1.5 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.7 km Boston 85 Bedford St1.9 km FAQs when booking at The Inn at St Botolph Is pricing at The Inn at St Botolph comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? The average rate for a night at The Inn at St Botolph is 34% less than the Boston average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Inn at St Botolph is typically C$ 280, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Boston. How close is The Inn at St Botolph to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? At 6.4 km away, Boston Logan Intl Airport is the closest airport to The Inn at St Botolph. The average expected drive time from The Inn at St Botolph to Boston Logan Intl Airport is 0h 04m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to The Inn at St Botolph? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Boston Logan Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is The Inn at St Botolph from the Boston city center? The Inn at St Botolph is just 0.6 km away from the center of Back Bay, Boston. From The Inn at St Botolph you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the The Inn at St Botolph phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 617 236 8099 to talk to a The Inn at St Botolph front desk representative. Does The Inn at St Botolph have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Inn at St Botolph has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Inn at St Botolph? The Inn at St Botolph does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at The Inn at St Botolph? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Inn at St Botolph, Boston? A good deal at The Inn at St Botolph right now is between C$ 84 and C$ 280 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is The Inn at St Botolph from Museum of Science? Museum of Science in Boston is 2.6 km away from The Inn at St Botolph. Is The Inn at St Botolph close to New England Aquarium? New England Aquarium is also a popular place to see in Boston. It is 3 km from The Inn at St Botolph. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Inn at St Botolph Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
