https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Sylvia_Hotel.htm
The Sylvia Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Sylvia Hotel The Sylvia Hotel Hotel 1154 Gilford Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 878 reviews 8.5 C$ 161 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Sylvia Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Sylvia Hotel This pet-friendly hotel is located in Vancouver and features outdoor tennis courts and free Wi-Fi. It is situated a short walk from Robson Street and the Inukshuk. There are a range of amenit... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 681 9321 All policies Amenities at The Sylvia Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Electric kettle Radio Non-smoking rooms available Beachfront Disabled Access Family rooms Fan Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Minibar Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Oven Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Additional toilet Alarm clock Kitchenware Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Dining area Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Eco tourism Bicycle rental Casino Cycling Skiing Ice skating Tennis Services Conference rooms Wedding services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Ski storage Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Sylvia Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to The Sylvia Hotel Best Western PLUS Sands 7.9 Good 1755 Davie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing a sauna, Best Western Plus Sands is situated in Vancouver and is a short stroll from the Inukshuk. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Rosellen Suites At Stanley Park 8.3 Excellent 2030 Barclay Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Rosellen Suites at Stanley Park is set in Vancouver and is close to local attractions, such as Robson Street. Located moments from popular landmarks, the property also offers views of Grouse Mountain and Stanley Park. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals The Buchan Hotel 1906 Haro Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel The Buchan Hotel is located in Vancouver and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. A short stroll from Robson Street, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a private bathroom and wireless internet access. C$ 784 Avg. per night View Deals Riviera On Robson Suites Hotel Downtown Vancouver 6.8 Good 1431 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Riviera Hotel on Robson Downtown Vancouver is within walking distance of University Canada West and provides free Wi-Fi. Not only does it overlook Robson Street, but it also showcases harbour and city views. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Sylvia Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 878 verified guest reviews 8.5Couples 8.4Friends 8.5Families 8.4Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Sylvia Hotel All photos (55) Bedroom (20) Building (5) Living room (5) Outdoors view (5) Where is The Sylvia Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Stanley Park1.4 km Kitsilano Beach1.6 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall1.9 km Granville Island Public Market1.9 km Metropolis at Metrotown12.5 km Waterfront Centre2.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Davie St at Denman St0.2 km Vancouver Westin Bayshore Hotel1.0 km Vancouver EB Davie St at Bute St1.1 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.2 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.7 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.7 km FAQs when booking at The Sylvia Hotel How close is The Sylvia Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? There are 2 km between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and The Sylvia Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to The Sylvia Hotel? The Sylvia Hotel has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Sylvia Hotel considered pet-friendly? The Sylvia Hotel is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The Sylvia Hotel. How close is The Sylvia Hotel from the Vancouver city center? The center of West End, Vancouver, is just 0.8 km away from the front doors of The Sylvia Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from The Sylvia Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the The Sylvia Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 681 9321. Does The Sylvia Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Sylvia Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Sylvia Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at The Sylvia Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Sylvia Hotel, Vancouver? Usually The Sylvia Hotel room prices are around C$ 155/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 115/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Sylvia Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Sylvia Hotel for opening and last order times. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Sylvia Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Sylvia Hotel, Vancouver. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Sylvia Hotel from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at The Sylvia Hotel - you’ll be about 3.3 km away. Is The Sylvia Hotel close to Rogers Arena? 2.7 km - making Rogers Arena a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Sylvia Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Sylvia Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
