https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Cosmopolitan_Of_Las_Vegas.htm
The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,749 The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Resort 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 283 reviews 8.9 C$ 246 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.0 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 3.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 698 7000 All policies Amenities at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Parking Hairdryer Gift shop Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Sauna Shops (on site) Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Indoor pool Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Show more Activities Fitness classes Fitness centre Ice skating Tennis Yoga Eco tourism Casino Pool table Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa 8.3 Excellent 11011 West Charleston Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa in Las Vegas (Summerlin South), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of City National Arena and Downtown Summerlin. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 100000 square feet (9290 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is complimentary at scheduled times. C$ 223 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino 7.7 Good 3667 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino provides stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Paris Las Vegas Casino. It is located a short walk from Caesars Palace and The Colosseum at Caesars Palace. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Stripviewsuites At Jockey Club Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This comfortable property in Las Vegas offers complimentary Wi-Fi, as well as a swimming pool and a 24-hour reception. It is located a brief walk from Caesars Palace, The Colosseum at Caesars Palace and Paris Las Vegas Casino. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, ARIA Resort & Casino is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site casino and Jewel Nightclub nightclub. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Paris Las Vegas 7.9 Good 3655 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Lighting up the Vegas strip with a replica of the Eiffel Tower, Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino offers guests a rooftop pool, indoor shopping mall and a prime location with The Colosseum at Caesars Palace just a short stroll away. Just a 10 minute walk from Bally's & Paris Las Vegas Monorail Station, the resort provides guests with a convenient base when visiting Las Vegas. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Excalibur Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 456 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 284 verified guest reviews 9.1Couples 8.8Families 8.8Friends 8.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date A 9.0 Excellent Anonymous, Mar. 2020 good rooms and clean 박 10.0 Excellent 박성미, Feb. 2019 good location and clean bed and comfortable. If i come here, strip Las Vegas again I'd like to stay this hotel, Cosmopolitian!! A 6.5 Okay Anonymous, Aug. 2017 they didn't even clean or tidy my room. the hotel is under staff. staffs aren't helpful Photos of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (10) Pool (9) Bathroom (8) Where is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Most Popular Landmarks Crystals at City Center0.1 km Fountains of Bellagio0.4 km MGM Grand Garden Arena0.6 km T-Mobile Arena0.8 km High Roller1.0 km TPC Summerlin14.4 km Getting Around Las Vegas Bally's Hotel0.6 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.0 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Excalibur1.1 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.1 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio1.1 km FAQs when booking at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Is pricing at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas comparable to 5 star hotels in Las Vegas? Hotels in Las Vegas that are rated 5 stars generally cost C$ 546/night, but on average, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is available for 31% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas for C$ 507/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Las Vegas. How close is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 3.3 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. The average expected drive time from The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 02m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Is there a pool at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas? Yes, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas from the Las Vegas city center? The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is 0.5 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas by various forms of transportation. What is the The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas please call +1 702 698 7000. Does The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas? Yes. You should consider staying at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas? The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Las Vegas? C$ 65 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, with average deals around C$ 507 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas? There is a restaurant located in The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Las Vegas. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas from Fountains of Bellagio? The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 0.4 km away. Is The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas close to Thomas and Mack Center? 2.6 km - making Thomas and Mack Center a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,749 The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
