https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/the_DOUGLAS_Autograph_Collection.htm
The Douglas Autograph Collection, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Douglas Autograph Collection The Douglas Autograph Collection Hotel 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 62 reviews 8.4 C$ 304 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Douglas Autograph Collection Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Douglas Autograph Collection Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 5-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Vancouver. It is situated in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from B... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.4 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 676 0889 All policies Amenities at The Douglas Autograph Collection Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Beach access Casino Canoeing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Streaming service Pool table Hiking Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Spa Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services All amenities Hotels Similar to The Douglas Autograph Collection Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Pacific Rim 8.8 Excellent 1038 Canada Place, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Fairmont Pacific Rim is the height of luxury in Vancouver. This five-star hotel offers sweeping vistas of the North Shore Mountains, all from the vibrant downtown district of Coal Harbour near the famous Vancouver Lookout. Just a stone's throw from global C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to The Douglas Autograph Collection JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Centrally positioned, JW Marriott Parq Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main tourist attractions. This luxury hotel is a convenient base for exploring local vineyards as it is located in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown 8.2 Excellent 111 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton- Downtown Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing areas. This award-winning hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Georgian Court Hotel, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 773 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Georgian Court Hotel BW Premier Collection offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to BC Place Stadium. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Blu Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 177 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Douglas Autograph Collection 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 62 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 8.4Couples 8.0Solo 9.2Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Douglas Autograph Collection All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (7) Restaurant (5) Other (5) Where is The Douglas Autograph Collection Most Popular Landmarks BC Place Stadium0.2 km Rogers Arena0.5 km TELUS World of Science0.8 km Science World at TELUS World of Science0.8 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.9 km False Creek1.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.3 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.9 km Vancouver Waterfront Station1.2 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station1.2 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.3 km Vancouver Broadway-City Hall Station1.3 km FAQs when booking at The Douglas Autograph Collection How close is The Douglas Autograph Collection to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? There are 1.7 km between the closest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and The Douglas Autograph Collection. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to The Douglas Autograph Collection? The Douglas Autograph Collection has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Vancouver, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Douglas Autograph Collection considered pet-friendly? The Douglas Autograph Collection welcomes most household pets. How close is The Douglas Autograph Collection from the Vancouver city center? The center of Yaletown, Vancouver, is just 0.5 km away from the front doors of The Douglas Autograph Collection. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from The Douglas Autograph Collection using any means of transportation. What is the The Douglas Autograph Collection phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 604 676 0889. Does The Douglas Autograph Collection have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Douglas Autograph Collection has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Douglas Autograph Collection? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Douglas Autograph Collection. What is the check-out time at The Douglas Autograph Collection? The standard check-out time at The Douglas Autograph Collection is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Douglas Autograph Collection, Vancouver? A good deal at The Douglas Autograph Collection right now is between C$ 248 and C$ 340 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Douglas Autograph Collection? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Douglas Autograph Collection restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. How far is The Douglas Autograph Collection from TELUS World of Science? The Douglas Autograph Collection is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from TELUS World of Science, Vancouver. Is The Douglas Autograph Collection close to Rogers Arena? Walking distance - there’s 0.5 km between Rogers Arena and The Douglas Autograph Collection. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Douglas Autograph Collection Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
