https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Parkway_Place_Guesthouse.htm
The Parkway Place Guesthouse, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Parkway Place Guesthouse The Parkway Place Guesthouse Guest house 501 Oriole Parkway, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 118 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Parkway Place Guesthouse Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Parkway Place Guesthouse Boasting free Wi-Fi, The Parkway Place Guesthouse is situated in Toronto and offers comfortable accommodation. It is surrounded by a range of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Eglinto... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 647 829 6982 All policies Amenities at The Parkway Place Guesthouse Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Refrigerator Hairdryer Microwave All amenities Hotels Similar to The Parkway Place Guesthouse Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The Parkway Place Guesthouse The Roehampton Hotel 808 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel The Roehampton Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Toronto. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 3.7 km from current hotel Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals The Yorkville Royal Sonesta Hotel Toronto 8.6 Excellent 220 Bloor Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel Located in Toronto, The Yorkville Royal Sonesta Hotel Toronto is within a 30-minute drive of Pearson Airport and provides an indoor pool. It offers free wireless internet, a bar and is close to The Royal Conservatory of Music. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Windsor Arms Hotel offers easy access to Toronto's popular sightseeing areas. Some of the features provided at this Victorian 5-star hotel include an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Planet Traveler Hostel 357 College Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Planet Traveler Hostel is situated in Downtown Toronto, just 25 minutes from Pearson Airport. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is The Parkway Place Guesthouse Most Popular Landmarks Toronto Zoo21.7 km Bloor Street West Annex4.3 km Yorkdale Shopping Centre4.4 km Toronto Eaton Centre5.9 km Massey Hall6.0 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres6.1 km Getting Around Toronto York University10.3 km Toronto Highway 407 Terminal12.9 km Toronto Scarborough Town Centre14.2 km Toronto Scarborough Ground Courier Express16.0 km Toronto Guildwood GO17.6 km Toronto Malton18.7 km FAQs when booking at The Parkway Place Guesthouse How close is The Parkway Place Guesthouse to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? There are 17.3 km between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and The Parkway Place Guesthouse. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 13m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Parkway Place Guesthouse? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Parkway Place Guesthouse guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is The Parkway Place Guesthouse from the Toronto city center? The center of Yonge-Eglinton, Toronto, is just 0.6 km away from the front doors of The Parkway Place Guesthouse. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rogers Centre, which you can get to from The Parkway Place Guesthouse using any means of transportation. What is the The Parkway Place Guesthouse phone number? The best way to contact The Parkway Place Guesthouse is by calling +1 647 829 6982. Does The Parkway Place Guesthouse have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Parkway Place Guesthouse has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Parkway Place Guesthouse? The standard check-out time at The Parkway Place Guesthouse is 11:30 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How far is The Parkway Place Guesthouse from Eglinton Theatre? You can walk to Eglinton Theatre while staying at The Parkway Place Guesthouse - you’ll be about 0.4 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Parkway Place Guesthouse Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
