https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Peninsula_Beverly_Hills.htm
The Peninsula Beverly Hills, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 The Peninsula Beverly Hills The Peninsula Beverly Hills Hotel 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 124 reviews 9.3 C$ 1,301 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Peninsula Beverly Hills Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Peninsula Beverly Hills Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish s... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.9 km Rating 9.3 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 13.8 km Policies Check-in time 1:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 551 2888 All policies Amenities at The Peninsula Beverly Hills Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Pants press Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Safety deposit box Fireplace Grill EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Pool bar Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Balcony Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor CD player Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna Trash cans TV Smartphone dock Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet DVD player Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Scuba diving Evening entertainment Cooking classes Fitness centre Tennis Pay-per-view channels Videogames Hiking Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Fax Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Peninsula Beverly Hills Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals The London West Hollywood At Beverly Hills 8.9 Excellent 1020 North San Vicente Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at The London West Hollywood at Beverly Hills in West Hollywood (Norma Triangle), you'll be steps from Sunset Strip and 12 minutes by foot from Melrose Avenue. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in West Hollywood? This hotel has facilities measuring 4000 square feet (372 square meters), including conference space. C$ 652 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to The Peninsula Beverly Hills Intercontinental Los Angeles Century City At Beverly Hills 2151 Avenue Of The Stars, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.3 km from current hotel Featuring a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an infinity pool, InterContinental Los Angeles Century City at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides elegant accommodation. It features rooms that open onto a private terrace with views of the city. C$ 310 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills 8.9 Excellent 300 South Doheny Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool, Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills is situated in Los Angeles and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers 5-star accommodation and views of the garden. C$ 957 Avg. per night View Deals W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 930 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is ideal for guests wishing to discover Los Angeles and its surroundings. The multiple amenities this chic hotel offers include outdoor tennis courts, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 364 Avg. per night View Deals Plaza la Reina 8.8 Excellent 10850 Lindbrook Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Plaza la Reina provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It is close to Westwood Memorial Park, eateries and shops. C$ 403 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Peninsula Beverly Hills 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.3 ExcellentBased on 123 verified guest reviews 9.5Solo 9.4Families 9.2Couples 8.4Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Peninsula Beverly Hills All photos (41) Other (10) Pool (5) Patio (4) Building (3) Where is The Peninsula Beverly Hills Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City1.1 km Santa Monica State Beach10.3 km Venice Beach10.7 km California Science Center12.8 km STAPLES Center13.5 km L.A. Live13.6 km Getting Around Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station11.5 km Los Angeles Hoover St & Jefferson Blvd12.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California12.7 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)13.1 km Los Angeles University of Southern California13.1 km Los Angeles Sheraton Hotel13.4 km FAQs when booking at The Peninsula Beverly Hills How close is The Peninsula Beverly Hills to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 13.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to The Peninsula Beverly Hills is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to The Peninsula Beverly Hills? For the most freedom while visiting Los Angeles, consider renting a car for about C$ 27/day and parking it at The Peninsula Beverly Hills where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Peninsula Beverly Hills guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Los Angeles. Is The Peninsula Beverly Hills considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at The Peninsula Beverly Hills. Is there a pool at The Peninsula Beverly Hills? Yes. Many people visiting Los Angeles look for a hotel with a pool. The Peninsula Beverly Hills has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Peninsula Beverly Hills from the Los Angeles city center? The center of Century City, Los Angeles, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of The Peninsula Beverly Hills. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from The Peninsula Beverly Hills using any means of transportation. What is the The Peninsula Beverly Hills phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Peninsula Beverly Hills at +1 310 551 2888. Does The Peninsula Beverly Hills have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Peninsula Beverly Hills has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Peninsula Beverly Hills? Yes, there is a gym available to The Peninsula Beverly Hills guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Peninsula Beverly Hills? The Peninsula Beverly Hills has a normal check-in time of after 1:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills, Los Angeles? A good deal at The Peninsula Beverly Hills right now is between C$ 984 and C$ 1,308 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Peninsula Beverly Hills? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Peninsula Beverly Hills, Los Angeles. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does The Peninsula Beverly Hills have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Peninsula Beverly Hills that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 The Peninsula Beverly Hills Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
