https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Hotel_at_Fifth_Avenue.htm
The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Hotel 17 West 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,803 reviews 7.1 C$ 175 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue A 10-minute walk from Pennsylvania Station, The Hotel at Fifth Avenue has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while in New York City. It is close to Empire State Building, eateries and sho... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.1 Nearest airport New York All airports Distance to airport 0.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 736 1600 All policies Amenities at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Computer use available No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Safety deposit box Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Fire extinguisher Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Free toiletries Safe Smoke alarms Continental breakfast Heating Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Physical distancing in dining areas Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Vending machine (drinks) First-aid kit Desk 24hr front desk CCTV in common areas Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Airport shuttle Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Life Hotel, Nomad 19 West 31st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering 4-star unique accommodation, Life Hotel New York City is conveniently located in Manhattan. Only a short stroll from Empire State Building, it provides modern rooms equipped with slippers, a private bathroom and free wireless internet access. C$ 102 Avg. per night View Deals Martinique New York on Broadway , Curio Collection by Hilton 8.2 Excellent 49 West 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, Martinique New York on Broadway Curio Collection by Hilton offers guests an ideal base while in New York City. It is close to Empire State Building, dining options and shops. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Kixby 8.5 Excellent 45 West 35th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of Empire State Building, the New York Public Library and Madison Square Garden. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals The Paul Hotel Nyc-Chelsea Ascend Hotel Collection 6.7 Good 32 West 29th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Pennsylvania Station, The Paul Hotel NYC-Chelsea an Ascend Hotel Collection Member provides guests with a convenient base while in New York City. It provides free Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.1 GoodBased on 1,803 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.0Couples 7.3Friends 6.8Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue All photos (47) Bedroom (20) Outdoors view (5) Building (4) Bathroom (2) Where is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Most Popular Landmarks Empire State Building0.1 km Madison Square Garden0.6 km Bryant Park0.7 km Flatiron Building0.8 km Grand Central Terminal0.9 km Chrysler Building1.0 km Getting Around New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.3 km New York 7th Ave Corner of W 30th St0.5 km New York Madison Ave btwn E. 26th and 27th St0.5 km New York 368 Park Ave S0.6 km New York 201 West 37th St0.6 km New York 202-230 West 36th St0.6 km FAQs when booking at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Is pricing at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue comparable to 3 star hotels in New York? Nightly rates at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue will generally be 59% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in New York. When staying at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 324/night, which is considered to be a good deal in New York for a 3-stars hotel. How close is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At 21.2 km away, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is the closest airport to The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue. The average expected drive time from The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport is 0h 16m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue considered pet-friendly? The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue welcomes most household pets. How close is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue from the New York city center? The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue is just 0.7 km away from the center of Flatiron District, New York. From The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 212 736 1600. Does The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue? The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue, New York? Usually The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue room prices are around C$ 324/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 91/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue for opening and last order times. Does The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue from Rockefeller Center? The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 1.4 km away. Is The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue close to Times Square? The distance from The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue to Times Square is 1.3 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Hotel @ Fifth Avenue Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
