https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Shelburne_Sonesta_New_York.htm
The Shelburne Sonesta New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Shelburne Sonesta New York The Shelburne Sonesta New York Hotel 303 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 1,147 reviews 7.9 C$ 234 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Shelburne Sonesta New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Shelburne Sonesta New York This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a short walk from Chrysler Building. Those staying at the property are also welcome at complimentary wine hour, which occurs daily. Providing views o... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.4 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 689 5200 All policies Amenities at The Shelburne Sonesta New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Cribs available Feather pillow Seating area Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails Toothbrush Cleaning products Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Grocery deliveries Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Health club All amenities Hotels Similar to The Shelburne Sonesta New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Shelburne Sonesta New York Pod 39 8.0 Excellent 145 East 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated within a short walk from Chrysler Building and with easy access to New York City's public transport links, this hotel provides free Wi-Fi access along with air conditioned rooms. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Iberostar 70 Park Avenue 8.4 Excellent 70 Park Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, Iberostar 70 Park Avenue offers 4-star accommodation and an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Grand Central New York 7.4 Good 109 East 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Midtown Manhattan, Grand Hyatt New York provides 4-star accommodation and valet parking, a rooftop terrace and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is set amongst a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Grand Central Terminal. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Dylan Hotel Nyc 7.8 Good 52 East 41St Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Built in 1902, this stylish boutique hotel is situated in Manhattan. It is set in the area's vibrant nightlife district, just a short walk from the New York Public Library. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Shelburne Sonesta New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 1,147 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 7.8Solo 8.2Friends 7.7Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date A 7.1 Good Anonymous, Feb. 2019 It was fine but average I 8.2 Great Irish, Jan. 2018 location, spacious rooms Photos of The Shelburne Sonesta New York All photos (28) Bedroom (8) Living room (4) Other (4) Bathroom (3) Where is The Shelburne Sonesta New York Most Popular Landmarks Chrysler Building0.4 km Grand Central Terminal0.5 km Empire State Building0.6 km Bryant Park0.6 km Times Square1.3 km Madison Square Garden1.3 km Getting Around New York Grand Central Terminal0.4 km New York Madison Ave btwn E 33rd and 34th St0.4 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.6 km New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.6 km New York 1st Ave btwn E 38th and E 39th St0.6 km New York 373 East 42nd St0.7 km FAQs when booking at The Shelburne Sonesta New York Is pricing at The Shelburne Sonesta New York comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 461/night, but on average, The Shelburne Sonesta New York is available for 40% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Shelburne Sonesta New York for C$ 375/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is The Shelburne Sonesta New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 20.7 km drive between The Shelburne Sonesta New York and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Shelburne Sonesta New York? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Shelburne Sonesta New York guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is The Shelburne Sonesta New York considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to The Shelburne Sonesta New York during their stay. How close is The Shelburne Sonesta New York from the New York city center? The center of Murray Hill, New York, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of The Shelburne Sonesta New York. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from The Shelburne Sonesta New York using any means of transportation. What is the The Shelburne Sonesta New York phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 212 689 5200 to talk to a The Shelburne Sonesta New York front desk representative. Does The Shelburne Sonesta New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Shelburne Sonesta New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Shelburne Sonesta New York? Yes, The Shelburne Sonesta New York has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at The Shelburne Sonesta New York? The standard check-out time at The Shelburne Sonesta New York is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Shelburne Sonesta New York, New York? Usually The Shelburne Sonesta New York room prices are around C$ 375/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 27/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does The Shelburne Sonesta New York have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Shelburne Sonesta New York. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Shelburne Sonesta New York from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 1.2 km from The Shelburne Sonesta New York. Is The Shelburne Sonesta New York close to Times Square? Times Square is also a popular place to see in New York. It is 1.3 km from The Shelburne Sonesta New York. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Shelburne Sonesta New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
