https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Dixie_Hollywood.htm
The Dixie Hollywood, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 The Dixie Hollywood The Dixie Hollywood Hotel 5410 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 1,222 reviews 7.2 C$ 142 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Dixie Hollywood Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Dixie Hollywood Set in Hollywood, The Dixie Hollywood is moments away from the Hollywood and Western Building. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. The Di... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.4 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 20.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 463 7171 All policies Amenities at The Dixie Hollywood Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General CCTV outside property ATM on-site No smoking Radio Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Disabled Access Hairdryer Safety deposit box Cable or satellite TV Fire extinguisher Telephone Carpeted Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Refrigerator Toilet Free toiletries Safe Room service Smoke alarms Heating Trash cans Iron and ironing board Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Microwave Private bathroom Outdoor pool Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Car rental Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to The Dixie Hollywood Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,563 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 370 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to The Dixie Hollywood Hollywood City Inn 7.5 Good 1615 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Hollywood City Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Hollywood 6.6 Good 5200 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Value Inn Hollywood is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers room service, free Wi-Fi and a designated smoking area. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Apartel 5.5 Okay Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites 6.2 Good 6055 West Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated under a 20-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Hollywood Palms Inns & Suites offers guests a convenient base when in Los Angeles. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Melrose Hostel 8.2 Excellent 646 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Melrose Hostel Los Angeles is situated in Los Angeles and features free Wi-Fi. Only a short walk from Jardinette Apartments, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Dixie Hollywood 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 1,222 verified guest reviews 7.2Families 6.9Couples 7.3Solo 7.3Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Dixie Hollywood All photos (38) Other (9) Outdoors view (7) Pool (5) Bedroom (4) Where is The Dixie Hollywood Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood and Vine1.7 km Westfield Century City11.3 km Venice Beach19.9 km Hollywood Boulevard2.3 km Hollywood Walk of Fame2.9 km Santa Monica State Beach20.5 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.1 km Los Angeles Bus Terminal - 1716 E 7th St10.1 km Los Angeles Station10.4 km Los Angeles West La (palms)12.0 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California13.5 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave13.5 km FAQs when booking at The Dixie Hollywood Is pricing at The Dixie Hollywood comparable to 3 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at The Dixie Hollywood will generally be 66% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at The Dixie Hollywood, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 173/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 3-stars hotel. How close is The Dixie Hollywood to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? At just 20 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to The Dixie Hollywood is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to The Dixie Hollywood? The Dixie Hollywood has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Los Angeles, renting a car for around C$ 27/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Los Angeles Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Dixie Hollywood considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Dixie Hollywood. Is there a pool at The Dixie Hollywood? Yes, The Dixie Hollywood has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Dixie Hollywood from the Los Angeles city center? The Dixie Hollywood is 1.7 km away from the center of Los Feliz, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Dixie Hollywood by various forms of transportation. What is the The Dixie Hollywood phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Dixie Hollywood at +1 323 463 7171. Does The Dixie Hollywood have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Dixie Hollywood has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Dixie Hollywood? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at The Dixie Hollywood. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Dixie Hollywood, Los Angeles? Usually The Dixie Hollywood room prices are around C$ 173/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 101/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Dixie Hollywood? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Dixie Hollywood restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does The Dixie Hollywood have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Dixie Hollywood, Los Angeles. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is The Dixie Hollywood from Hollywood Walk of Fame? The popular Hollywood Walk of Fame is just over 2.9 km from The Dixie Hollywood. Is The Dixie Hollywood close to Hollywood Boulevard? Walking distance - there’s 2.3 km between Hollywood Boulevard and The Dixie Hollywood. Home United States Hotels 933,855 California Hotels 89,356 Los Angeles Hotels 5,826 The Dixie Hollywood Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
