https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Deluxe_Hotel_Vancouver.htm
The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Motel 3505 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada C$ 95 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Situated a short stroll from Joyce-Collingwood Station, The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver offers guests an ideal base while in Vancouver. It also offers luggage storage, a tour desk and a 24-hour reception. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.5 km Nearest airport Vancouver Coal Harbour Distance to airport 9.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 435 3347 All policies Amenities at The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Parking Disabled Access Storage available Services Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 383 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 302 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 294 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Cassandra Hotel 6.9 Good 3075 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Cassandra Hotel is situated in Vancouver and is close to the area's popular attractions. This modern hotel is an ideal choice for exploring local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Gordon's Guest House 8.8 Excellent 2670 E. 28th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Located a short walk from 29th Avenue Railway Station, Gordon's Guest House is an ideal base when in Vancouver. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals 2400 Motel 4.6 Okay 2400 Kingsway, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from 29th Avenue Railway Station, 2400 Motel provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Vancouver. It also offers complimentary wireless internet to all guests during their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Atrium Inn Vancouver 7.4 Good 2889 Hastings Street East, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from current hotel Situated in Vancouver, Atrium Inn Vancouver is an easy drive from Stanley Park and provides free private parking on site. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 113 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver All photos (17) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Front desk (2) Where is The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks Kitsilano Beach10.2 km Stanley Park11.3 km Capilano Suspension Bridge13.8 km Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre15.8 km Metropolis at Metrotown2.3 km Pacific Coliseum6.0 km Getting Around Vancouver Davie St at Denman St10.2 km Vancouver Cambie St & 41st St- Bus Stop Bay 16.3 km Vancouver Cambie and 49th - Bus Stop Bay 46.4 km Vancouver Cambie St & King Edward St - Bus Stop Bay 46.5 km Vancouver Cambie and 59th Bus Stop6.6 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station6.8 km FAQs when booking at The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver How close is The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 9 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver. The average expected drive time from The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 06m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver? For the most freedom while visiting Vancouver, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Vancouver. How close is The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? The center of Renfrew-Collingwood, Vancouver, is just 1.4 km away from the front doors of The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as TELUS World of Science, which you can get to from The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver using any means of transportation. What is the The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 435 3347 to talk to a The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver front desk representative. Does The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 The Deluxe Hotel Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
