https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Palazzo_at_The_Venetian_r.htm
The Palazzo, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 The Palazzo The Palazzo Hotel 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 19 reviews 8.3 C$ 157 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Palazzo Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Palazzo Situated within walking distance of Flamingo/Caesars Palace Monorail Station, The Palazzo at The Venetian r provides guests with an ideal base while in Las Vegas. It has a fitness centre, as well as a... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.3 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 607 7777 All policies Amenities at The Palazzo Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe ATM on-site Room service Restaurant Free parking Express check-out Cable or satellite TV Coffee shop Gift shop Hot tub Laundry facilities Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Airport shuttle Business centre Beauty salon Currency exchange on-site Spa Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to The Palazzo Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 2000 Fashion Show Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map When you stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas in Las Vegas, you'll be in a shopping district, within a 5-minute drive of The Venetian Casino and Las Vegas Convention Center. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to The Palazzo Treasure Island - TI Hotel & Casino, a Radisson Hotel 7.9 Good 3300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring views of Las Vegas Strip, TI - Treasure Island Hotel & Casino is situated in Las Vegas and features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool so guests can unwind during their stay. It is located a short stroll from The Mirage and Wynn Las Vegas. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel With its very own casino, Tao and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel offers a host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Wynn Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It is steps from Wynn Las Vegas, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 351 Avg. per night View Deals Encore at Wynn Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Palazzo 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 19 verified guest reviews 10.0Friends 7.7Couples 9.3Solo 7.6Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Palazzo All photos (60) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (13) Living room (7) Bar (5) Where is The Palazzo Most Popular Landmarks High Roller0.8 km Fountains of Bellagio1.4 km Crystals at City Center1.8 km TPC Summerlin13.9 km MGM Grand Garden Arena2.2 km T-Mobile Arena2.5 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.5 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd0.6 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel0.6 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip0.8 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.2 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd14.4 km FAQs when booking at The Palazzo Is pricing at The Palazzo comparable to 5 star hotels in Las Vegas? Nightly rates at The Palazzo will generally be 11% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Las Vegas. When staying at The Palazzo, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 544/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Las Vegas for a 5-stars hotel. How close is The Palazzo to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? There are 4.7 km between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and The Palazzo. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 03m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to The Palazzo? The Palazzo has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Palazzo guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Las Vegas. How close is The Palazzo from the Las Vegas city center? The Palazzo is 1.3 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Discovery Children's Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Palazzo by various forms of transportation. What is the The Palazzo phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Palazzo at +1 702 607 7777. Does The Palazzo have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Palazzo has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Palazzo? The standard check-out time at The Palazzo is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Palazzo, Las Vegas? Usually The Palazzo room prices are around C$ 544/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 88/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Palazzo? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Palazzo restaurant. Opening times may vary. Does The Palazzo have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Palazzo that can be used by guests. How far is The Palazzo from Fountains of Bellagio? The Palazzo is about 1.4 km from Fountains of Bellagio, one of Las Vegas’s most popular landmarks. Is The Palazzo close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.1 km from The Palazzo. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 The Palazzo Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
