https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Shilla_Seoul.htm
The Shilla Seoul, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 The Shilla Seoul The Shilla Seoul Hotel 249, Dongho-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 1,176 reviews 9.1 C$ 302 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Shilla Seoul Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Shilla Seoul The Shilla Seoul offers 5-star accommodation in Central Seoul. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Guerlain Spa and Indoor Swimming pool. The Shilla Hotel Seoul boasts a range of... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 9.1 Nearest airport Incheon Intl Distance to airport 50.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 233 3131 All policies Amenities at The Shilla Seoul Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Executive lounge access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool cover Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Pool bar Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Bidet Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Mini-golf Public bath Massage Duty-free shops Services Barber/hair stylist Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (free) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Shilla Seoul Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to The Shilla Seoul Hotel Skypark Dongdaemun I 8.2 Excellent 335, Dongho-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Seoul, and offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. It also provides a laundry service, a business centre and laundry facilities. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Seoul Dongdaemun 7.9 Good 354, Dongho-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Ramada Seoul Dongdaemun is situated in Seoul and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property also have access to complimentary wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Uljiro Co-Op Residence 8.1 Excellent 246, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located amongst a range of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and eateries, Uljiro Co-op Residence is ideal for those wanting to discover Seoul and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pj Myeongdong 8.5 Excellent 71, Mareunnae-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to Gwangjang Market and Namsangol Hanok Village. Guests can also make the most of free internet throughout the property. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Shilla Seoul 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 1,175 verified guest reviews 8.9Families 9.1Couples 9.1Friends 9.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Shilla Seoul All photos (60) Bedroom (11) Restaurant (8) Bathroom (7) Pool (6) Where is The Shilla Seoul Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market1.4 km Dongdaemun Gate1.7 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool11.4 km Gyeongbokgung Palace3.5 km COEX Mall6.7 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium7.5 km Getting Around Seoul Bus3.0 km Seoul Yongsan4.6 km Seoul Cheongnyangni4.8 km Seoul Sangbong8.4 km FAQs when booking at The Shilla Seoul Is pricing at The Shilla Seoul comparable to 5 star hotels in Seoul? Nightly rates at The Shilla Seoul will generally be 45% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Seoul. When staying at The Shilla Seoul, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 454/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Seoul for a 5-stars hotel. How close is The Shilla Seoul to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? At just 18 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to The Shilla Seoul is 0h 13m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to The Shilla Seoul? Getting from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to The Shilla Seoul can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 128/day in Seoul. Luckily, The Shilla Seoul has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at The Shilla Seoul? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Seoul often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Shilla Seoul for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Shilla Seoul from the Seoul city center? The center of Jangchung-dong, Seoul, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of The Shilla Seoul. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from The Shilla Seoul using any means of transportation. What is the The Shilla Seoul phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 22 233 3131 to talk to a The Shilla Seoul front desk representative. Does The Shilla Seoul have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Shilla Seoul has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Shilla Seoul? Yes, The Shilla Seoul has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at The Shilla Seoul? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at The Shilla Seoul. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at The Shilla Seoul, Seoul? Usually The Shilla Seoul room prices are around C$ 454/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 237/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Shilla Seoul? Yes, food can be ordered from the The Shilla Seoul restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Shilla Seoul have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Shilla Seoul, Seoul. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Shilla Seoul from Dongdaemun Gate? The Shilla Seoul is a good place to stay to see Dongdaemun Gate. It’s 1.7 km away. Is The Shilla Seoul close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 3.3 km between Gwanghwamun and The Shilla Seoul. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 The Shilla Seoul Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
