https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Kahala_Hotel_Resort.htm
The Kahala Hotel & Resort, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 The Kahala Hotel & Resort The Kahala Hotel & Resort Resort 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 362 reviews 9.0 C$ 804 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Kahala Hotel & Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Kahala Hotel & Resort Showcasing a private lagoon complete with dolphins, The Kahala Hotel & Resort offers a serene setting that is ideal for a relaxing stay in Honolulu. Some of the popular features at this modern 5-star ... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.7 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 16.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 739 8888 All policies Amenities at The Kahala Hotel & Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Fruits Garden view Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Child pool Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Gay friendly Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Private beach Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Saltwater pool Grill Sea view Seating area Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Pool bar Jacuzzi Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible parking Slippers First-aid kit Adapter Additional bathroom Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Swimming pool toys Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fishing Board games/puzzles Golf Canoeing Cycling Aerobics Diving Snorkeling Evening entertainment Fitness classes Fitness centre Horse riding Tennis Kids' club Pay-per-view channels Water sport facilities (on site) Windsurfing Hiking Massage Shopping Show more Services Babysitting or child care Barber/hair stylist Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Kahala Hotel & Resort Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at Trump International Hotel Waikiki in Honolulu (Waikiki), you'll be steps from Waikiki Beach Walk and 7 minutes by foot from Royal Hawaiian Center. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-out. Planning an event in Honolulu? This hotel has facilities measuring 350 square feet (32 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 529 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to The Kahala Hotel & Resort Aston Waikiki Sunset 7.7 Good 229 Paoakalani Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.8 km from current hotel Located in Honolulu, Aston Waikiki Sunset is within a 20-minute drive of Honolulu International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi and an outdoor heated pool. It features expansive ocean and mountain views and 3.5-star rooms. C$ 260 Avg. per night View Deals Queen Kapiolani Hotel 8.4 Excellent 150 Kapahulu Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.8 km from current hotel Commanding views of Diamond Head, Queen Kapiolani Hotel is moments from Honolulu's attractions and landmarks. The multiple amenities this modern hotel has to offer include a rooftop terrace, an outdoor pool and valet parking. C$ 306 Avg. per night View Deals Ewa Hotel Waikiki 7.1 Good 2555 Cartwright Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.9 km from current hotel Ewa Hotel Waikiki is located in Honolulu and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also offers a rooftop terrace, plus views of the ocean. C$ 177 Avg. per night View Deals Lotus Honolulu at Diamond Head 8.5 Excellent 2885 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.9 km from current hotel Lotus Honolulu at Diamond Head provides 3-star accommodation in Waikiki. A short stroll from the Waikiki Natatorium War Memorial, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with a private balcony, a coffee maker and a refrigerator. C$ 468 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.0 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 371 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 529 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 1,327 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Kahala Hotel & Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 362 verified guest reviews 9.0Couples 9.0Solo 9.4Friends 8.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Kahala Hotel & Resort All photos (60) Bedroom (18) Living room (12) Outdoors view (6) Restaurant (4) Where is The Kahala Hotel & Resort Most Popular Landmarks Honolulu Zoo4.6 km Kuhio Beach Park5.2 km Waikiki Beach5.7 km FAQs when booking at The Kahala Hotel & Resort How close is The Kahala Hotel & Resort to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Honolulu Airport, and The Kahala Hotel & Resort is 16.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 12m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to The Kahala Hotel & Resort? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Kahala Hotel & Resort considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at The Kahala Hotel & Resort are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at The Kahala Hotel & Resort? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. The Kahala Hotel & Resort has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Kahala Hotel & Resort from the Honolulu city center? The Kahala Hotel & Resort is 1.2 km away from the center of Waialae-Kahala, Honolulu. Consider visiting Pearl Harbor, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Kahala Hotel & Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the The Kahala Hotel & Resort phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 808 739 8888 to talk to a The Kahala Hotel & Resort front desk representative. Does The Kahala Hotel & Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Kahala Hotel & Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Kahala Hotel & Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of The Kahala Hotel & Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at The Kahala Hotel & Resort? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort, Honolulu? On average, guests have been paying C$ 877 per night to stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 433 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Kahala Hotel & Resort? Yes - The Kahala Hotel & Resort does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Kahala Hotel & Resort have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at The Kahala Hotel & Resort. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is The Kahala Hotel & Resort from Diamond Head State Monument? The Kahala Hotel & Resort is about 3.2 km from Diamond Head State Monument, one of Honolulu’s most popular landmarks. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 The Kahala Hotel & Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
