https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Toronto_Wonderland_Travelers_Home.htm
The Little Brick House In Studio District, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Little Brick House In Studio District The Little Brick House In Studio District Guest house 541 Eastern Ave, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 380 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Little Brick House In Studio District Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Little Brick House In Studio District Toronto Wonderland Travelers Home is located in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. All the rooms at the... More Good to Know To Downtown 16.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 703 9988 All policies Amenities at The Little Brick House In Studio District Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kid-friendly Terrace/Patio Parking Ice maker Hairdryer Linens Towels Soap and Shampoo Provided Fireplace Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Fire extinguisher Kettle Emergency contact numbers Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Porch Toilet paper Central heating Clothes dryer Smoke alarms Coffee grinder Heating Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Deadbolt locks Oven TV Dishes Emergency exit Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Microwave Dining area Garden Kitchen Washing machine Kitchenette Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Little Brick House In Studio District Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to The Little Brick House In Studio District Village at York U 8.7 Excellent Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Finch West Station, Village at York U provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Toronto. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Toronto North 6.0 Good 66 Norfinch Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Toronto North is situated in Toronto and provides guests with wireless internet. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Montecassino Hotel & Suites 6.2 Good 3710 Chesswood Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.6 km from current hotel Montecassino Hotel & Suites provides a comfortable setting while in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, a playground and a swimming pool. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Toronto Vaughan 8.2 Excellent 150 Interchange Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Courtyard Toronto Vaughan is situated in Vaughan and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of The Little Brick House In Studio District All photos (24) Bedroom (7) Bathroom (4) Kitchen (2) Living room (2) Where is The Little Brick House In Studio District Most Popular Landmarks Bloor Street West Annex13.6 km Toronto Eaton Centre15.9 km Massey Hall16.0 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres16.0 km Ricoh Coliseum16.2 km BMO Field16.3 km Getting Around Toronto Bloor12.8 km Toronto Malton12.8 km Toronto 34 Asquith Ave14.1 km Toronto Union - Bus15.5 km Toronto Union Station16.7 km Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre17.1 km FAQs when booking at The Little Brick House In Studio District How close is The Little Brick House In Studio District to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 13.2 km between The Little Brick House In Studio District and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 10m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Little Brick House In Studio District? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to The Little Brick House In Studio District can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, The Little Brick House In Studio District has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Little Brick House In Studio District guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. How close is The Little Brick House In Studio District from the Toronto city center? The Little Brick House In Studio District is just 0.9 km away from the center of York University Heights, Toronto. From The Little Brick House In Studio District you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Rogers Centre. What is the The Little Brick House In Studio District phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 416 703 9988 to talk to a The Little Brick House In Studio District front desk representative. Does The Little Brick House In Studio District have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Little Brick House In Studio District has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Little Brick House In Studio District? The standard check-out time at The Little Brick House In Studio District is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Little Brick House In Studio District, Toronto? A good deal at The Little Brick House In Studio District right now is between C$ 356 and C$ 366 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 The Little Brick House In Studio District Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
