https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Modern_Honolulu.htm
The Modern Honolulu, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Modern Honolulu The Modern Honolulu Hotel 1775 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States GoodBased on 728 reviews 7.4 C$ 280 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Modern Honolulu Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About The Modern Honolulu Situated in Honolulu, The Modern Honolulu offers modern 4-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. It provides private parking on site and is ideally set for sightseeing, with Wa... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.3 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 9.9 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 943 5800 All policies Amenities at The Modern Honolulu Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Fire extinguisher Gift shop Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Pants press Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Pool bar Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Balcony Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Desk Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Diving Snorkeling Fitness centre Horse riding Videogames Windsurfing Hiking Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Modern Honolulu Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to The Modern Honolulu Ilikai Hotel & Luxury Suites 8.2 Excellent 1777 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Ilikai Hotel & Luxury Suites features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool, along with rooms with hydromassage showers. This award-winning resort is situated in Waikiki. C$ 404 Avg. per night View Deals Ilikai Lite 8.2 Excellent 1777 Ala Moana Boulevard, Suite 103, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Ilikai Lite provides 3-star accommodation, as well as an outdoor pool. It also offers a sun deck, valet parking and a 24-hour reception. C$ 332 Avg. per night View Deals Prince Waikiki 8.9 Excellent 100 Holomoana Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Honolulu, Prince Waikiki is a five-minute walk from Waikiki Beach and offers outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. The various amenities this modern resort features include valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage services. C$ 385 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vacations Club Grand Waikikian Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 1811 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, a private beach and a Jacuzzi, Grand Waikikian by Hilton Grand Vacations Club is situated in Honolulu and is a brief stroll from Waikiki Beach. It also offers a kids club, water slides and valet parking. C$ 557 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Modern Honolulu 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 728 verified guest reviews 7.3Couples 7.5Friends 7.4Families 8.2Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Modern Honolulu All photos (60) Pool (8) Bedroom (7) Building (6) Other (6) Where is The Modern Honolulu Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach1.4 km Kuhio Beach Park2.0 km Honolulu Zoo2.7 km FAQs when booking at The Modern Honolulu How close is The Modern Honolulu to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? With a distance of 9.9 km between The Modern Honolulu and the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 07m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to The Modern Honolulu? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at The Modern Honolulu? Yes. Many people visiting Honolulu look for a hotel with a pool. The Modern Honolulu has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Modern Honolulu from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 0.9 km away from the front doors of The Modern Honolulu. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from The Modern Honolulu using any means of transportation. What is the The Modern Honolulu phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 808 943 5800 to talk to a The Modern Honolulu front desk representative. Does The Modern Honolulu have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Modern Honolulu has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Modern Honolulu? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Modern Honolulu. What is the check-out time at The Modern Honolulu? The Modern Honolulu check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at The Modern Honolulu, Honolulu? The Modern Honolulu room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 339/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 143/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at The Modern Honolulu? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Modern Honolulu for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does The Modern Honolulu have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Modern Honolulu that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Modern Honolulu from Honolulu Museum of Art? The Modern Honolulu is a walkable distance (2.3 km) from Honolulu Museum of Art, Honolulu. Is The Modern Honolulu close to Fort DeRussy? If you want to see Fort DeRussy while visiting Honolulu, The Modern Honolulu is just 0.9 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 The Modern Honolulu Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
